i am 24 years old guy in us for graduate school. i have new girlfriend recently and was wondering how to call her parents? mr. and mrs. or by first names? thanks++$++24
the answer is probably obvious, but i can't fathom how it's possible for everyone in the world to make an income. if everyone is gradually making more income annually, then someone else has to be losing more and more money annually too. could a king brightened redditor please explain this to me?thanks [-:++$++15
so, i am 20 years old, and have been getting closer to this girl, same age. well, we have danced and kissed and other small things that would indicate she has interest. but... i also hear she is fairly loose... and i believe that. one time i saw her texting another guy saying she wanted to have sex with him while we were dancing together...needless to say, that pissed me off and i dropped her for a while. i still think she is a cool person, but i didn't want to be that guy she toys around with.so time goes buy and i still get some signals from her. danced with her and kissed her at midnight new years. (yay!) haha. but then i text her and she doesn't respond. and its not the first time.it seems like girls just don't want to be serious now. should i try asking her on a date? possibly forever killing my chances? or should i just continue not really talking to her except at parties and maybe hooking up when drunk...?i guess ultimately my main question is, how do you know when a woman actually wants to continue... i have often done too little with some women and then tried to much with others.. always failing.++$++20
in 2008, under-25 voters outnumbered over-65s. in 2010, wrinklies outvoted whippersnappers two to one.you made your bed, lie in it.edit: as the comments prove, you people are morons. i vote democrat, i'm 50 years old, and you kids who stay home are the difference between a democratic government and a gop congress.if this post pisses you off, fucking vote next time, assholes!that's kind of the point here, for those of you too fucking stupid to understand it.++$++50
i'm 16 years old, and i've always gone back and forth on what i want to do with my life. my absolute dream has always been to be a professional actor of the stage, but i know it's such a tough career to make financially-viable. i know i also love video editing and general post-production for film, and i'd love to do that as well. however, i'm not sure how the market for that sort of job; i have the same issue as to whether i'd be able to support myself doing it. i've done a few apprenticeships in video editing, and i have quite a bit of experience and a few thousand dollars in software legally obtained from the apprenticeships. also, teaching foreign languages is something else i'd consider, i do enjoy it, but it's most definitely a second choice.anyway, as a junior in high school, i need to start thinking about what colleges i am going to apply to, and most importantly what my career choice is going to be. all my grades are above 90s and i've only taken one psat my sophomore year and i got an 1810, but i'm fairly certain i've improved a good deal on that. i take my first sat in a month's time. colleges i have been looking at are carnegie-mellon, tisch at nyu, steinhardt at nyu, yale (arts), and suny purchase, but i don't have my heart set on anything as of yet.so essentially, i'd love to make my career something i'll enjoy, i don't care if i'm making just barely enough to live on, but i want to make sure that i actually will make enough to live on. i would be completely and ecstatically happy if i could act in theatre even if i barely made enough to support myself, because following that dream means the world to me. however i know that if i can't support myself doing it, i'll be more miserable than if i had just taken another career-path.i realize i'm probably just rambling at this point, but if anyone could get back to me, i'd be so very grateful. either comment below or pm me so we can talk. thank you so much in advance!++$++16
i'm 16 years old, and i've always gone back and forth on what i want to do with my life. my absolute dream has always been to be a professional actor of the stage, but i know it's such a tough career to make financially-viable. i know i also love video editing and general post-production for film, and i'd love to do that as well. however, i'm not sure how the market for that sort of job; i have the same issue as to whether i'd be able to support myself doing it. i've done a few apprenticeships in video editing, and i have quite a bit of experience and a few thousand dollars in software legally obtained from the apprenticeships. also, teaching foreign languages is something else i'd consider, i do enjoy it, but it's most definitely a second choice. anyway, as a junior in high school, i need to start thinking about what colleges i am going to apply to, and most importantly what my career choice is going to be. all my grades are above 90s and i've only taken one psat my sophomore year and i got an 1810, but i'm fairly certain i've improved a good deal on that. i take my first sat in a month's time. colleges i have been looking at are carnegie-mellon, tisch at nyu, steinhardt at nyu, yale (arts), and suny purchase, but i don't have my heart set on anything as of yet.so essentially, i'd love to make my career something i'll enjoy, i don't care if i'm making just barely enough to live on, but i want to make sure that i actually *will* make enough to live on. i would be completely and ecstatically happy if i could act in theatre even if i barely made enough to support myself, because following that dream means the world to me. however i know that if i can't support myself doing it, i'll be more miserable than if i had just taken another career-path.i realize i'm probably just rambling at this point, but if anyone could get back to me, i'd be so very grateful. either comment below or pm me so we can talk. thank you so much in advance!++$++16
can someone send me a link with the first season or all the episodes would be great++$++20
i'm 17 years old, about to graduate highschool (semester early) and i was wondering if i could get some help. i'm 5'11" ~155 clean bill of health an ex-smoker lacto ovo vegetarian comeing off an approximatly 2 hour a day gymnastics work out. theres a little fitness room here at my apartment and i was wondering if anyone knew any good tips on how to build muscle and tone while maintaining a vegetarian diet.tl;dr healty vegetarian wants to bulk up and stay toned.++$++17
i'm 22 years old. and i decided that instead of spending new years' eve with my family, i would o out with friends for the first time. i was determined to at least be somewhat outgoing and to meet new people at a party for once, instead of being a lame wallflower and then hate myself.tl;dr i succeeded.a friend and i decided to meet up with a buddy of his at a pub in downtown manhattan. we head over, and he's standing outside waiting for us. i knew of the guy, but maybe met him once before; despite that, i go in for the full greeting. handshake, shoulder-bump, hug like he's my close friend too; "how ya been, man? been a long-ass time!" this was something i just read on seddit, and it definitely was the best move for me in the long-term.he and i start building a serious rapport. he takes us around the pub, introducing us to a few people he's met already. i continue my strategy, acting like a cool dude when i'm introduced to people, acting like we're all already friends. the girl of the group (hb8 brunette), and i don't pull that with her. i don't know if this was the smartest move or not, but it pushed her to introduce herself to me, at which point i took her hand and said it was nice to meet her.it's at this point i notice the bartender (hb9) looking at our group; i give her a smile, she smiles back. my new friend and i go up to the bartender, chat her up, order drinks. she's definitely interested in talking to us; she hangs around a little longer than she should with the bar as busy as it is. we tell her she's doing shots with us later. she plays reluctant but agrees. i take my jack/coke and move around the bar.over the course of the night, i meet tons of people. i'm not there to get laid (baby steps, after all), but to practice getting over my aa. by 11:40pm or so, our group has sized up to just under 10 people; people like hanging out around us. confidence booster, definitely. we are the life of the party. i find a topic of conversation with everybody; some people leave after a short introduction, most stay to talk. i do shots with my new friends. music's playing, our group is hanging around and i'm occasionally dancing with our hb8.about 15 minutes before midnight my new wingman and i approach the bar to order another round of shots from a second bartender (very cool dude). we have a pair of girls on our 9 o'clock, and we introduce ourselves (more him than me, really) and get to know the girls (malaysian hb8 and kazakhi hb7). hb7 and i both speak russian, so that's an immediate connection there.my buddy pulls this move: "ladies, to0muchfreetime wants to buy you both shots to ring in the new year!" i can't really say no at that point, so i sink a few dollars into them. we get a handful of people and drink to the new year.a nearby group decides they like how fun we are and decide to join us, taking pictures with one of their girls and the four of us (me, my wingman and the two hbs). they take the picture, i call more of their girls... and more... and more... and i have five chicks hanging on me like i'm a coat rack. they go on with their party, and i escalate kino with the two hbs, putting my arms around their shoulders, and say "girls, it's been fun. i'll see you around, you're both buying me drinks next!" i head back to my own group, tossing them a smile. afterwards, i see the girls occasionally and dance with them a bit.a few more little episodes like that happen, and by the end of the night i have girls approaching me! first fucking time ever! a girl (hb8 blonde) came up to me and asked what's going on, and i didn't even react because i thought she was talking to the guy next to me. big blunder, i guess, because we talk for a minute and she tries to pawn me off onto her friend. no big deal, i brush it off.i do a few more shots with the hb9 bartender, and at about 2am, i head out, leaving with my friend that i came with. i don't push for any number-closes, instead being plenty satisfied with myself and the events of the night.---this was my first field report ever. let me know what you think, if i made any major mistakes or if this is a good direction i'm going in.i'll be going on vacation starting tomorrow, i'll try to hit the club nightly and get more frs up when i get back.++$++22
i wasn't brought up in a religious house or anything but somehow i developed some "conservative morals" but for different reasons i guess. i know that some of my ideas are ridiculous, unfair, condescending, or hypocritical so i'm trying to find a way to change them and feel comfortable about it at the same time. i'll list off some of them in case you have tips that help specifically with each:- i don't smoke weed because the few times i've tried in the past it didn't really do anything for me. i'm ok with it but i feel uncomfortable with kids in middle school smoking it or when adults try to get kids to smoke it. i think i feel this way because i think kids in middle school shouldn't have to smoke in order to feel good or have fun. they are still kids and it just seems sad to me. i guess drinking could fit in here too.- i don't feel comfortable hearing adults talk about finding kids attractive (ex: jailbait). the whole thing is a little new to me i guess. up until about a year ago i had never heard of a relationship like there where the adult wasn't taking advantage of the kid, using the kid for sex, physically/emotionally harming the kid, etc. i mean i totally understand like a 17 year old and a 19 year old but a 25 and a 14-16 year old felt wrong to me. maybe because i thought the teen was still a kid and isn't mature enough to know what they want or something. also, while on the topic of jailbait, when i discovered a subreddit for it i thought it was cool seeing girls my age for a little bit but i felt uncomfortable because i realized that they weren't the ones putting the pics online and spreading them all over the place. i just felt bad for them because there are some people out there that can use the pics to ruin their lives and they are just too young for that. it was only seeing them online that bothered me, not seeing them in real life.- i had an issue with porn obsessing over teens and girls who just turn 18. a lot of people who just turn 18 are still in high school and i don't think it is right for the industry to get them that early. it also just didn't seem like a safe career to me physically, emotionally, mentally, financially, etc. i know there are people out there that get into it because they like sex and i'm ok with that but i don't think someone should get into the business just for money.- i know its the norm to not really care about anyone and to be selfish but whenever i've tried in the past i've just failed miserably at that. i just get a bad feeling if i put my wants or happiness above someone else's.oh, i guess you could add to the sex and drugs thing that i always saw them as something that adults did and because i missed out on so much of my childhood, i felt that once i did them i wasn't really a kid anymore.that's all i could remember for now but i was hoping i could get some advice on how to change my opinions on the subjects. if it makes any difference, i just turned 17 the other day.++$++17
i don't want to buy shoes every year or so. i want to get a pair or two of boots/shoes that will last me forever, look good with jeans/chinos, and preferably on the cheaper side (if possible).++$++22
so first off, a little background info about why i'm racist.  i am 22 years old, male, white, going to graduate soon with a degree in engineering.  my parents and family are not racist and actually frown upon racism.  i have had many experiences with black and brown people that have made me think of these creatures as subhumans.  any time there is a break-in or burglary in my area, surprise surprise it's a bunch of niggers.  any time there is an assault or murder in my area, yup also a bunch of niggers.  i honestly wouldn't give two shits about all of this if a close friend of mine wasn't shot by a couple of niggers trying to mug him.  he survived, but the worst part is he even gave up his wallet without any trouble and they still shot him for the kicks.  there are also many many other run-ins with niggers when i was younger, tracing all the way back to my days in kindergarten.  so, i'm a racist and i am not ashamed about it all.  if anything, i am proud to be a racist.  ama.++$++22
i think i was about 7 or 8 at the time when i started to feel depressed and suicidal. i just turned 17 the other day. pretty much every day in between then i've been constantly thinking about killing myself and i've been crying all the time. it was really bad at the start of this school year and one day i just felt so bad that i left class and was about to jump off the 3rd floor railing because i just wanted to off myself right away. my school counselor talked me out of it and i ended up talking to her about everything that i had kept inside for all those years. i felt better for about a week until i started to feel depressed again but it was a different type of depression. since then i haven't really cryed or felt sad. instead, i guess i've just learned to accept that this is just the way life is supposed to be. i've lost interest in everything that made me happy and i've just stopped caring about everything. i've just felt so empty, like no matter what i tell myself, i can't stop thinking that my life isn't supposed to get better and i should just learn to live with it. i'm still having constant suicidal thoughts but not because i'm sad but more because i'm curious or fascinated with the idea. i don't really have any friends and i just think now that i should stop feeling upset about not having them because i won't ever have them anyway. i just don't really know what to do anymore. i know life is supposed to get better in college, but my entire life everyone has promised that life would get better the next year and it never did.++$++17
i know i'm not quite an adult yet but it's very rare that i actually feel like a kid anymore. if i could, i would definantly go back in time several years in order to get a second chance. i missed out on pretty much my entire childhood due to depression and i'm sure that i'll regret it for the rest of my life. i just see no advantage in actually being an adult. sure, you have more rights and are able to things on your own legally, but what kid didn't do them illegally already? when you're an adult, you aren't in school anymore and i would imagine it hard to meet people and make new friends at the same job every day. nothing is marketed towards you anymore and if you do buy these items, you're automatically a "creeper". if you try to act like a kid again or show the slightest hint that you're enjoying life you'll probably receive the same judgement. the law is much more harsh on you and if you make even the slightest mistake, "you should have known better". as you get older, people start to care less about you too. i just don't see any benefit here.++$++17
dear reddit,for a reason i can not explain i want you to lay on me as many 'neutral' seal(animal) and turkey puns, these may intertwine.kind regards and good luck!++$++18
hey guys, i want your most offensive cussword combination, something that will 100% offend someone.i came up with cancerous nigger cunt.now you try reddit:d++$++18
or maybe a mix of perfect and me gusta to throw in with them?++$++17
first let me say that i know there are many camps that were very much like jesus camp, heck i attended one or two, but they aren't all like that and i know the camp i now counsel at is completely about helping teenagers through the troubles of life from a christian perspective, rather than an attempt to convert teenagers to their religion. e.g. we have leaders who have helped teenagers escape drug addiction, cutting, abuse, and many other hardships. they have done this not regarding whether or not the person was a christian or an atheist or if they even wanted anything to do with church itself. the camp is all about helping others and loving as god called us to do, rather than focusing simply on converting everyone. i'm not going to lie and say that they don't ask if someone would consider becoming a christian, but it's nothing they force and nothing they'll pursue asking if someone clearly does not want to listen.to put out a few things, the camp did community outreach (soup kitchens, food pantries, etc. etc.), had lots of fun games for the students, the sermons were very non-intrusive and had more practical rather than spiritual advice. none of the leaders actually thought evolution was false, or that the earth was 6000 years old, but i did know one or two leaders believed global warming was a hoax, but hey there's some atheists who believe that. however, there was no specific agenda that was pushed by the church. many of the leaders were very liberal democrats, but others were very conservative republicans. the leaders made explicitly sure that the camp would be only to help others from a christian perspective, and not at all about pushing any sort of agenda. i've found a lot of life-change through this, and the church who heads it up in particular helped me amazingly in getting over my father passing away when i was 11. not only did they have the church cook us meals and help out financially when we were struggling, but also they sent us on a couple vacations in order to get our mind off of the troubles we were having.this ama is particularly about the camp itself, and not my belief in god, but feel free to ask whatever you want. i'm a christian[edit: i say i'm a christian here, but i mean in the sense of following with the religion, not that i'm necessarily a christian myself. i'm a theist to be honest, i just didn't explain it fully here. sorry for any confusion], and no there is no way to know for sure if i'm right, but the church i'm a part of not only provides a great community of friends who care about me, but also makes me happy. the experiences it has given me, even if it turns out god isn't real, is so worth the belief i have.well sorry for all the rambling, ask away!edit: let me clarify, for ease i label myself as a christian to most people, but to be honest i'm simply a theist who has found a home in christianity. i know it sounds like i contradict myself by calling myself a christian and not a christian, but i have yet to really find a term that defines what i believe.++$++16
i'm 17 and i hear this a lot. is it actually true or just an over used hyperbole?++$++17
hey sexxit,i'm 18 years old, my girlfriend is also 18. i'm a virgin. she's had sex once. i can't seem to be able to keep an erection right before we have sex. i'm pretty sure its a mental block, and i've discussed this with her. i also feel like i have a low libido, especially for someone my age.i'm wondering if anyone has had any luck with horny goat weed, or any other kind of supplement? i hoping that taking a supplement will give me a confidence boost, or just help me handle performance anxiety.++$++18
not a test. seriously don't.++$++24
i don't know if it is or isn't but whenever i laugh it seems to help a little bit. that's part of the reason why i like reddit so much.++$++17
and have a good torrent pleeeeeeeease!!!!++$++20
i just saw a really depressing ad on tv for a murder show and it got me thinking. do you know someone who was murdered?++$++17
i'm a college student, and for the past couple of years, i've gotten enough financial aid to be able to pay for my books in tuition.  recently, i moved to texas, and i waited a full year so that the school would consider me a texas resident.  i went up there to register for classes, which went very smoothly (and the service was amazing), but my problems soon began right when i spoke to financial aid.first, they demanded that i have a ton of tax forms.  that wasn't too much of a problem, as that's what they asked for back in my old state.  the only irritating thing was that i had to call my mom, and have her to mail the forms up to me.  a week or two goes by, and i go back up to the school to turn in my records.  but, suddenly, they don't want them.  they tell me that i have the wrong records (when, in fact, i do), and that i need some other paper that they "forgot" to give me last time.  i call my mom again, and by this time, she's irritated, and she mails even more forms.  i mail her whatever form they gave me and ask her to fill it out and sign it, which she does, and she mails that back also.  this is where it gets really annoying.i go back up to the school, wait 20 minutes in line, and when i finally get to financial aid, they look at my papers and go, "oh, your mom signed this in the wrong spot.  we can't take it.  sorry.  you're going to have to re-do the whole thing."wrong spot? she signed it slightly over the line, yet they complain it's the wrong spot.  so, i'm angry, but i do as they say and mail another copy of that damn form back to my mom.  she rages over the phone, signs it, and then mails it back.  i go back **again** and when i turn in my paperwork, they say (finally) that everything looks acceptable.  but they can't process any of it because their computer system is down.  i ask when they'll be able to have it processed, and they say, "oh, well, it'll probably be in 3 weeks since we're closing the school for christmas break tomorrow, so you'll have to come back the 3rd of january."this pisses me off, but i think to myself, "don't worry, they'll have it processed, and i'll go up there january 3rd to see my grant money all there, and i can buy my books."  well, fast forward to today.  i go up to the school, and wait 30 minutes in a line that really had no purpose (even the employees said it had no purpose).  i get to financial aid, and what do they tell me? oh, you have no financial aid money.  sorry.  oh, and payments are due tomorrow, so we'll drop you from your classes if you don't pay tomorrow.i'm pissed.  i'm really fucking pissed.  they even gave me some tech support number (wtf?) to call in the morning to see if i can straighten it out, but they said that it would be useless to call today.  after all of this, i call my mom and tell her the bad news, because she really wanted to see me finish my college studies, and she's pretty pissed.  we talked over the phone, and then 20 minutes after i had hung up, she called back and told me she deposited a ton of money in my old bank account so i can go up there tomorrow and just pay my whole tuition ($1700 wtffff) out-of-pocket.  what makes this worse is that she's having some financial trouble too.i'm trying to be optimistic about the school, and i'm hoping that when i call tomorrow (and subsequently go up there again), they'll have my grant money all ready and waiting for me.  even fafsa said that i have money waiting for me, yet the financial aid office says no.so, reddit, why in the **fuck** are financial aid offices so idiotic and hard to deal with?++$++21
i've had depression since i was about 7 or 8 that seemed to get worse every day until a couple months ago during the middle of the day at school. i just couldn't take it anymore and was planning on killing myself right there. my school counselor talked me out of it though and since then i've been at a stagnant low point. i know  that i'm still depressed but i've just gotten so used to the feeling that it seems normal for me. i've just stopped caring about getting better, i guess.++$++17
hi reddit. just wanted to ask your advice on something. i'm 19 years old, at university and have entered into a relationship with a boy for the past two/three months. i never really thought i was bi(/gay) until uni and this guy came onto me and i just let it happen. before that though i've never really been sexually active. i have made out with girls before but nothing much past that. i had had gay thoughts occasionally but considered myself mostly straight.back to now, the problem is that i am sort of scared of his "you know what". i just cringe when i see it and i have barely touched it. he basically does stuff to me and i barely reciprocate. he understands that i find it weird but i'm annoyed that i can't pluck up the courage to "pleasure" him. i'm really romantically attracted to him and really enjoy hugging and kissing him.i'm considering dropping the relationship before it gets too serious and just go back to girls. thoughts anyone?edit: thanks for all the advice everyone. yeah okay saying penis is probably a good first step. will have a talk with my partner and with the tips here hopefully sort it out :) thanks again.++$++19
http://imgur.com/a/0swyxthis is all part of a larger dojo that i built on the thmc server. i may include a walkthrough of the whole thing if anyone's interested. forgive my appearance though, i usually have painterly pack on which makes it look much much better but my laptop crashed and i have yet to reinstall it on this one.++$++21
i am a huge fan of comedy. i am a big fan of (some) sitcoms, and i am thinking of going to film school for television writing next fall. i have done some writing on my own already, but i haven't really done anything with it as of yet. i like other forms of comedy as well, and i am sort of looking for a kick in the ass to actually do something in the field of comedy, even if it's just making a shitty youtube video, or even just discussing some shows of some sort. basically, i'm just looking to meet somebody with a similar passion for comedy, and if we meet and each decide the other person is cool then we can kind of see what happens, and if we're interested in doing something.i am 25 years old, and a grad student at uw in a very non-related field just for reference. you can just pm me or reply here if you prefer.for comedic tastes, here are some of my favourite shows:community, arrested development, modern family, extras, the office, it's always sunny, modern family, peep show, trailer park boys++$++25
i am a huge fan of comedy. i am a big fan of (some) sitcoms, and i am thinking of going to film school for television writing next fall. i have done some writing on my own already, but i haven't really done anything with it as of yet. i like other forms of comedy as well, and i am sort of looking for a kick in the ass to actually do something in the field of comedy, even if it's just making a shitty youtube video, or even just discussing some shows of some sort. basically, i'm just looking to meet somebody with a similar passion for comedy, and if we meet and each decide the other person is cool then we can kind of see what happens, and if we're interested in doing something.i am 25 years old, and a grad student at uw in a very non-related field just for reference. you can just pm me or reply here if you prefer.for comedic tastes, here are some of my favourite shows:community, arrested development, modern family, extras, the office, it's always sunny, modern family, peep show, trailer park boys++$++25
i've been lifting for years. i do cardio every now and then. i don't swim regularly. i would like to keep lifting/making strength gains while improving my cardiovascular health. i know enough that to realize that these goals are not mutually exclusive. i don't have a date set. i do have a bike. here are my questions: what diet regimen should i now adopt? what exercise regimen would achieve my goals (maintain/improve strength while improving my endurance) and not kill my joints? how can i improve my swimming form?  do you think the rebel alliance could have done it without the help of ewoks?++$++22
please, no spammers or promoting your own affiliate link.as the title says, i'm looking for a mentor who's experienced in internet marketing to take me under their wings.i'm not fooling myself; i realize that internet marketing is work and requires effort, just like any thing in life and it isn't a get-rich-quick scheme. i'd actually be thankful to be able to pay off the cost of the domain name and hosting for the first month (that's like, what? $25? hell, even that sounds lofty).i'm 19 years old, have a fair bit of knowledge when it comes to computers, and have decent writing skills. nothing perfect, but at least my writing isn't an eye-sore. my reason for wanting to do this is simple -- to pay off my college tuition. i can't find a job and i'm so broke that i can't even attend classes this semester because i couldn't pay off for last semester's tuition.edit: ah, noticed i'm getting some downvotes. understandable, as there is a bad stigma with the term internet marketing and is nearly synonymous with spamming. however, i'd like to clarify that this is not an attempt to market at people and i'm not a troll or anything. this is a genuine call out for help.++$++19
i'll start with a little bit of background, i'm 20 years old, a (junior) biochemistry major and a premed. much of my life i've generally been the nerdy/geeky introverted quiet kid that had 2-3 friends, and moved around a decent bit as a child. once i reached high school, i started talking to people more and created a small group of friends. eventually since we're all at school and so busy, we've gone our separate ways. in college i continued to socialize more with people and made a small 5-6 person group of really close friends, and still am really close with them. my first 3 semesters of college were okay, they weren't my best, but i got by kept my scholarship and a b average, the last two have been 3.8 and 4.0 respectively, i'm also the president of one of the largest organizations on campus. i hang out with my friends and all that stuff.the issue arises here since i've taken on more and more responsibility with my clubs, volunteering, shadowing, research, and course load, i've tired harder and harder to keep everyone happy. i find it very hard to say no to people, and end up either over-committing or feeling disappointed in myself if i make an error or have to say no/miss a deadline. now with my mcats coming up and what is about to be my hardest semester ever, i feel like i can't do this anymore and there is no hope left. at first i thought it was seasonal depression because of the winter, but now i'm starting to think it's worse. i've been a reasonably healthy person, but now i find myself eating junk, putting off exercising, etc. the last point is becoming my biggest issue now, every time something small goes wrong, i lose a ton of motivation, i continuously keep procrastinating and putting stuff off. i know the obvious solution is to cut stuff out which i'm trying to do, but it seems like every time i do so, it makes me more depressed. i know that i shouldn't try to please everyone and that i can't expect to be able to do everything but for some reason i can't say no.i need advice on getting over pissing people off and more importantly how to stop trying to please everyone and to say no. i'm almost 100% sure that it's this attitude that is hurting me and making me a cranky person.thanks in advancealso my screen name doesn't have much to do with my current situation, i really do love my major and biochemistry and medicine are things that i'm very passionate about. it was a throwaway i made a while ago but never used.++$++20
i wasn't brought up in a religious house or anything but somehow i developed some "conservative morals" but for different reasons i guess. i know that some of my ideas are ridiculous, unfair, condescending, or hypocritical so i'm trying to find a way to change them and feel comfortable about it at the same time. i'll list off some of them in case you have tips that help specifically with each:- i don't smoke weed because the few times i've tried in the past it didn't really do anything for me. i'm ok with it but i feel uncomfortable with kids in middle school smoking it or when adults try to get kids to smoke it. i think i feel this way because i think kids in middle school shouldn't have to smoke in order to feel good or have fun. they are still kids and it just seems sad to me. i guess drinking could fit in here too.- i don't smoke weed because the few times i've tried in the past it didn't really do anything for me. i'm ok with it but i feel uncomfortable with kids in middle school smoking it or when adults try to get kids to smoke it. i think i feel this way because i think kids in middle school shouldn't have to smoke in order to feel good or have fun. they are still kids and it just seems sad to me. i guess drinking could fit in here too.- i don't feel comfortable hearing adults talk about finding kids attractive (ex: jailbait). the whole thing is a little new to me i guess. up until about a year ago i had never heard of a relationship like there where the adult wasn't taking advantage of the kid, using the kid for sex, physically/emotionally harming the kid, etc. i mean i totally understand like a 17 year old and a 19 year old but a 25 and a 14-16 year old felt wrong to me. maybe because i thought the teen was still a kid and isn't mature enough to know what they want or something. also, while on the topic of jailbait, when i discovered a subreddit for it i thought it was cool seeing girls my age for a little bit but i felt uncomfortable because i realized that they weren't the ones putting the pics online and spreading them all over the place. i just felt bad for them because there are some people out there that can use the pics to ruin their lives and they are just too young for that. it was only seeing them online that bothered me, not seeing them in real life.- i had an issue with porn obsessing over teens and girls who just turn 18. a lot of people who just turn 18 are still in high school and i don't think it is right for the industry to get them that early. it also just didn't seem like a safe career to me physically, emotionally, mentally, financially, etc. i know there are people out there that get into it because they like sex and i'm ok with that but i don't think someone should get into the business just for money.- i know its the norm to not really care about anyone and to be selfish but whenever i've tried in the past i've just failed miserably at that. i just get a bad feeling if i put my wants or happiness above someone else's.oh, i guess you could add to the sex and drugs thing that i always saw them as something that adults did and because i missed out on so much of my childhood, i felt that once i did them i wasn't really a kid anymore.that's all i could remember for now but i was hoping i could get some advice on how to change my opinions on the subjects. if it makes any difference, i just turned 17 the other day.++$++17
to my knowledge, vaporizers are considered optimal in regards to enjoying cannabis becausea.)you inhale vapor, not smokeb.)there is no combustion involvedi had always thought that these things were the reasons why people claim vaporizers as the "healthiest" way to smoke. i was talking to my friend about magic flight launch box, and he thinks that vaporizers do not produce vapor, they produce smoke. he also thinks the smoke is exactly the same smoke that is produced from any other means of smoking, it's just that it isn't as hot as actual fire, but it's burning the cannabis the same exact way. now i'm confused. so we debate about this, and he is an extremely intelligent biology major, so that's why i don't understand why he thinks this way.what is the truth behind vaporizing?++$++20
would your answer be different if your kid was underage?edit: or someone around your age.++$++17
http://scienceblogs.com/omnibrain/loneliness.jpg++$++17
ok, so i don't know what to do.  some background: i'm 21 years old and pre-everything male-to-female transgender lesbian.  i've been dealing with these feelings consciously since i was at least 12 years old and really attacked them a little over a year ago.  before you ask, yes i know about /r/transgender and i sometimes hang out there on my regular account.  i just need to talk to people who help with depression, because that's really what i'm dealing with here.i came out to my parents a little more than a month ago (just after thanksgiving).  they didn't take it well.  a few weeks ago when i was home for christmas we sat down and had a talk for a few hours.  a lot was said, and i tried to convince them that i am, in fact, a girl, but i failed miserably.  on top of that my father told me that he will never be able to accept me as female and that his only goal in getting a therapist for me is to make me feel comfortable as a male.  my mother was silent most of the talk.  both of my parents decided that it's best if i see a christian therapist.  i decided to walk the middle of the road for now and said yes, on the condition that if it's not working after a few weeks i can quit.  i'm now regretting that choice, because i just can't see this going in any direction other than being told that i need to learn to be happy as a guy.  i haven't actually met with him yet, that's still nine days off.i just don't know what to do with my life.  i know who and what i am, and i really wish it wasn't true.  i don't want to be like this, but i can't help the way i feel.  i'm in college right now (junior year), and i really want to go on to grad school after this.  i'm looking at probably at least five more years until i can even begin to be financially independent from my parents, and if i can't convince them that i'm right it's going to be at least that long until i can even begin to transition.on top of that i'm tremendously lonely.  i have a bunch of good friends here at school, but unfortunately for the next month or so i'm basically in the closet again.  my school has a month-long winter term, and the only friends of mine who are here and who i'm out to are a really inconsiderate couple who don't pay attention to anyone other than each other.  other than that i have a few guy friends i can hang out with, but since i'm not out to them i feel really uncomfortable hanging out for long periods of time and i'm not sure i'm ok with the idea of telling them about who i am.  i've already decided that i'm pretty much cutting the inconsiderate couple out of my life next year, but as for right now i live with one of them and next to the other.  i can't escape them right now, but at the same time i'm just not willing to rely on them for support.  to add to my problems, i haven't been in a relationship since coming out to anyone because unfortunately nobody who's attracted to me now is the sort of person who i want to be attracted to me.  i cannot force myself to date a girl who doesn't know the truth about me, and even if all i wanted was meaningless sex i simply wouldn't be able to force my body to perform, meaning i'll probably remain a virgin for around ten more years.  to make matters worse, one of my best friends and i are very attracted to each other, but since she's straight we both know that any attempt at a relationship would just end in disaster.i'm at the end of my rope.  i don't know where to go.  i'm lonely and i'm scared and i just wish that i was a different person so none of this had happened to me.  if anyone has any advice, or even just some love, please help me.++$++21
long story short, i've been couchsurfing for the last few months due to parents moving out from under me. i'm 19 years old, a college student and full-time employee.i've been looking for a roomshare on craigslist, but it's hard to find a place that's stoner friendly. this is a bit of a shot in the dark, but i figured that i'd at least ask the friendliest community of pot-smokers that i could think of.++$++19
i just turned 17 less than a week ago. the thought of not being ready has been making me nervous for a couple months now. i don't have a job and have never really had a serious one. my grades aren't good enough to get into a good college. i don't know enough about handling money on my own. i don't really know anyone that could help me out. i've been told i have no confidence at all. i'm not that good looking, never had a girlfriend. i don't have enough money to buy my own place. i'm still dealing with depression and anxiety. i have terrible social skills.i missed out on my entire childhood due to depression. i kept hoping i would be happy, have friends, and enjoy life the next the next year. well, that never happened and i realized that i'm out of time to get better. i've pretty much lost all hope of ever getting better and have gotten so used to be depressed that i've stopped carring about being happy. i need to just learn to live with it and grow up. i'm going to be completely on my own in a year and can't afford to waste time.++$++17
okay guys this is a throw away account for obvious reasons. i just need some advice i am 21 years old and my girlfriend is 19 and we both live at our respective parents house. my girlfriends parents are going away 2mrrw night for 1 night and i been planning to stay over for about 2 weeks now as it's hard to come across time like that. however on sunday my dog had a cyst rupture and it became infected pretty bad a huge gaping hole and everything and the vet had to cut him open a lil more put him under anesthesia and everything and suture him up 15 stitches and everything and a plug so the infection can drain. anyways hes coming home 2night and i feel bad leaving him and he's gonna be on antibiotics which can make him vomit sometimes. am i wrong for saying i'll come over for a bit but i have to go back home. she's making a huge deal out of this saying i choose a dog over her and just making me feel like an asshole in general am i wrong guys? btw we been dating for like 2 years thanks!++$++21
i'm 25 years old. the past few weeks, every night about 7 or 8 my stomach rumbles and i get really bad gas. i mean - this is terrible. the farts are hot, really loud, and really smelly. my wife is a nurse and deals in rehab with obese patients, and she claims my farts smell worse than anything she's found in a skin flap, or any ass she has put suppositories in. she was in a deep sleep, and i farted while she slept - she didn't hear it - but she woke up about 10 seconds later when the stink hit her. it was like smelling salts to someone who passed out - she went from dead sleep to awake in 1 second, yelling at me. my wife thinks i might be lactose intolerant, so i've cut out dairy, but that isn't helping it. i don't have a terrible diet. i need to pick up some bean-o. but the smell isn't the biggest problem - i'm lucky to have a great wife who i grew up with as neighborhood kids and we really are best friends and all that. the real problem is that i cannot stop laughing when this happens. the sound of the loud fart - okay, i grin. but once that foul stench hits me, i laugh and giggle like a little kid. i can't help it. my wife gets mad and asks when i'm going to "finally grow up?!" i tell her i can't help it, her reply is that yes i can. but seriously - i can't. i really really have tried. as soon as i settle down and stop laughing, i try to focus on something else, like a video game i wanna play, a book i've been reading, i think about work or sing a song in my head...but soon my thoughts drift back to that terrible stench and i start to giggle uncontrollably. and then my wife, who usually is in bed next to me starts to get mad because she has to get up in the morning for work, and i'm a giggling idiot who is keeping her up. really, i can't help this - i'm laughing right now in my cubicle as i write this. reddit - do you have any advice for me? not so much how to help stop the gas (which would be great, too, don't get me wrong) but how to stop giggling at it.++$++25
solid evidence:[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tkgjrubch8](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tkgjrubch8)[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnc0hbcs2ly](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnc0hbcs2ly)[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbjo86jkktq](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbjo86jkktq)[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1mymp7xrmw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1mymp7xrmw)++$++20
i am 32 years old and dealing with a broken heart for the first time. my girlfriend (26) and i broke up about a month and a half ago and every minute of every day i struggle to distract myself from the hurt and depression this is causing me.this is the second time i've lost her and it feels even worse the second time around. before her, i actually wondered if i was capable of feeling true love for someone. she showed me i was capable of that and much more. now i sit here feeling sorry for myself and typing this at work while she walks past my office, ignoring me.oh yea, did i mention i got her a job at my office and i have to see her every day at work? she ignores me unless i approach her. we've only been together for a year but i've been through more with her in this year than i have in all of my past relationships combined. i've never had so much in common with someone, never shared a connection as deep as ours. and all of the other cliches people write when they find true love. i felt lucky to have found her... now i just want to stop hurting.i have perspective, i do. i realize my life is easy compared to those that truly suffer and struggle just to make it to the next day. i feel ashamed of myself when i think about that but it doesn't make the hurt any less real. i can't take much more of this. i went through hell to get over her the first time. i just want to find some peace... i'd do anything to find a small modicum of peace.anyways, i've rambled and wallowed enough. i try to keep myself busy and distracted but it just doesn't seem to work for very long. i know time is the answer but with having to see her every day at work i don't feel like i will be able to move on anytime soon. so, redditors, my question to you is this: what do you do to cope with a broken heart?++$++32
so... i am 32 years old and have never worked outside canada. i do not mind doing anything in order to make enough to pay for lift tickets, food and sleep. i have experience in retail, in sales, in it and graphic design.can you recommend a site where i can look (prior making my decision) for job opportunities? i'd love to work in a hotel or directly on the hills (or anything else, really)anyway, thanks for any help and for reading me!++$++32
for years now i've been the go to guy in my family for any technology related help. i am constantly getting phone calls for the stupidest problems. so i decided that if anyone in my family wants my help, they have to pay me 20 bucks. i am turning 20 this year and i am a college student. i think this is a fair trade off for my time. anyone else have a similar experience?++$++19
i just found the same coffee maker he uses in the theme in my kitchen..i must say it has made the best cup ive had in a while. i have no idea what this device is called but i am now a fan++$++20
me and my girlfriend are to be adopting a female kitten this weekend. looking for suggestions for a good name. i've been thinking. i want it to be something cool, like a female video game character name or something like that. any suggestions? be creative. i like perseus (per-see-us) but that's not a very feminine name.++$++22
i am 24 years old and i recently came to the realization that my dream of becoming a pilot might not be as feasible as i thought.  it seems like my only other option to make it in this world is to become a cpa.my questions are- what is the best review course?would i likely have enough credits for taking the exam with my econ ba and accounting associates degrees?what happens if i fail a portion? can i take it again in a couple weeks or months?how is the job market for cpa's?and any other advices you can help me would be greatly appreciated.++$++24
personally, i don't think i deserve to be in this class. today was our first day back to school and i was called down to my grade level principal because i was receiving a last minute schedule change. one of the classes i had signed up for was full and this was the only alternative i could take in order to receive a credit. normally when this happens, you have to take a study hall, where you receive no credit at all but the school thought i needed the special ed. class instead. the reason they thought this is because i have severe major depression and they don't know how to handle it.++$++17
i searched reddit to see if much information about this has come up, and didn't find much. sadly, preliminary google/wikipedia/webmd searching seems to have lots of vague, confusing and sometimes contradictory information. so, i am turning to *real people* to maybe get some insight into whether or not you think i have an addiction or just a very healthy sexual lifestyle. frankly, i'm not sure anymore.i'm 30 years old, male. in 2005 i was going to get married, but had a nasty break up... since then i haven't been able to maintain a serious relationship. not sure if that's coincidental or what, but i just feel like i can't get close to someone without feeling irritated or like they are overbearing or something. up until about 2009 i was completely abstinent, save for a few random hook ups. then in late 2009 i moved to another country, and have since had sex countless times. i tried to count, and stopped counting at about 50 partners. i get tested regularly, that's no problem for me. i have sex with girls at massage palors and spas; i have sex with girls from craigslist; i have sex with girls i work with; i have sex with girls i meet at clubs or bars. with no exaggeration, it's tuesday and a girl is coming over in 30 minutes to spend the night. we've dated on/off for a month, and i am going to have sex with her tonight as well, even though i just finished having sex with two girls at a massage club. i am a contributing member on a number of sex sites (*how/where to get laid* sites, i should say), and in terms of action, i know this city, and several others, like the back of my hand. it's pretty much all i think about, and at time present, it sometimes feels like all i care about, too, which i don't always like... in a way, i love it. all the fun with no commitment other than to safety and pleasure. on the other side, i'm 30 and completely alone. what say you? i'm open to answer questions (though this isn't an iama) and completely open to your ideas, evaluations, advice, experiences, stories, etc... thanks so much.++$++30
i was waiting for my bus this morning and it was really cold so i put my hands in my pockets. apparently, cold air goes right through my new hoodie which didn't help at all. i started to shake uncontrollably because i had gotten so cold. i turned around and saw an old woman who was out jogging staring at me with a look terror and confusion. i guess she saw me turned around with ny hands in my pocket shaking and thought i was getting busy right at the bus stop. it was really awkward.do you have any similar stories?++$++17
would your response change if the person was a legal adult or not?++$++17
i stopped playing about a week before christmas, due to traveling.  while out, i downloaded a few games for my pc (including counter-strike and tf2, but mostly single player puzzle games) and played those until about recently.when i finally came back to blops, i sucked (but i expected that).  what i didn't expect was the amount of christmas noobs, and a ton of griefers.  honestly, playing right now is just irritating me.  i turned my game off, but it just had me asking myself if i even enjoyed playing.  i'm on my second prestige, and i honestly have no will to go on (or play).someone help me. =/++$++21
possibly false or jokingly advice also.++$++17
tl;dr i'm 22 years old and been in martial arts 10 years. i feel like its dumb to do martial arts still. true/falseso basically i started doing martial arts when i was 12, and have practiced since. i won gold at the state level in olympic style sparring and went to national competition when i was 16. i still practice because i find its a great way to stay in shape and augment it with weightlifting. but i'm embarrassed by it when someone learns that i still practice. i feel like dwight from the office of rex from napoleon dynamite as soon as they start asking me questions about it. i don't mention it and normally people only know from other sources.does anyone else think that it may be immature? or is it just a silly catch up i have?++$++22
dub fx's first us appearance.  saw a video of him a few years ago here on reddit and have been in love ever since.  so stoked he came to my coast!++$++21
like if it was reported on the news.++$++17
like if it was reported on the news.++$++17
or was it just me...?++$++16
last saturday i was hanging out with friends and realized i hadn't got my dad a present for christmas (i'm 16 and don't have a job yet) so instead of the usual 24 pack of beer i bought him a half ounce of the dankest weed my friend could get and put it in his *cigar box* (his stash) and left the following day he hasn't called or anything but he deserves a toke for being 50 and blazin every day i've seen :d++$++16
i am 20 years old and i got fired from my last job (part time) and ive been collecting unemployment.  i just recently ran out with no prior warning and now i desperately need a job, preferably an online job or something.++$++20
i am 16 years old and have been raised christian. lately i have been questioning my religion. i could stop going to services if i choose, that wouldn't be a problem with my parents. but i have some very good friends in my youth group that i don't see outside of my church. what should i do?++$++16
i don't want to make this long-winded and end up having everyone say tl;dr, but i want to get this point across. as a gay male in high school, i've experienced a lot of abuse both verbal and physical for my sexuality. sometimes it comes from people i barely know, but it also can come from friends and even family. all i want to say is the reason it was so hard for me to originally come out was because i thought everyone was going to react negatively. everyone said gay-this and gay-that for anything unpleasant, people who some people didn't like were called "faggots" or "queers", and many of even my closest friends would make fun of people for anything slightly effeminate they did by calling them "cocksuckers" or "fagboys" or whatever else. after coming out, i realized many of these people simply used the words because they were part of the dialect they were brought up around. the thing is, these words were harmful, and they tortured me quite awhile. before i came out, when i heard the word faggot i'd flash to images of myself having to come out and how everyone would hate me. i'd feel insecure, and end up completely emotionally distraught. i know many people say "word's meanings change" or that "i didn't actually mean homosexuals by it", but the thing is for a scared kid who hasn't come out yet, it's enough to drive you to a deep depression. my plea to you reddit is to try to use a different word in place of the homophobic slurs. simply calling things what they are. your job isn't "gay", it's boring. your coworker isn't a "fag", he's annoying to you. i want to make this explicitly clear: i don't mean this message to be an attack, because i understand many people mean no harm whatsoever by these words, i simply want to inform the general reddit population that the words can hurt, and even drive lgbt teens afraid to come out to a deep depression. being conscientious about the words you choose, and even speaking out and informing others the effect these words can have can make such a huge difference for those lgbt teens who are too afraid to come out, or insecure about who they are.this ended up being longer than i wanted it to be, so i'm sorry for the rant, but i want to thank you for taking the time to read this.--kites47--++$++16
greetings everyone!  i am the chair for my departments event committee and i have to plan a company picnic which will be next month.  i would like to ask the redditors out there that have been to such picnics what their most enjoyable events/games were (no booze allowed, older and younger professionals).  i have to fill 4 hours of time and i do not want people getting bored, i want everyone (130 people will be attending) to be enjoying themselves.edit: just to specify this will be employees only, no kiddos.++$++26
hi reddit :) ok, well first of all, i am a college student living at home, working full-time to pay for my schooling. i'm 21 years old, have worked since legally able, and am about to transfer out to an expensive ass school. . .it's not like princeton, but we're still talking thousands . all my money goes to my schooling, and to help my mom and siblings. even then, we rarely have the "necessities", despite the fact that she works 13 hours a day (thank you california economy!). basically, the lifestyle i've lived since i got out of high school has really burnt me out lately since i have no free-time, and am basically working towards a future that might not even be what i expect it to be. the worry surrounding paying for school stresses me out, i'm unable to really live since every second of my day is filled with either work or school, and my family struggles make me feel guilty for using my money on school. basically, i need some advice on how to stay positive throughout a struggle. i'm not sure what else to say, but i'm sure you'll understand. thanks, community.++$++21
my name is konstantin, pronounced kon-stan-teen. teachers keep pronouncing the last part of my name as "tin" and when they find out it is pronounced "teen" they start adding a "e" to the end of my name. :\++$++19
hey reddit, my name is mark (really isn't), i'm 20 years old. and just got out of a 2 year relationship with a girl i'm still in love with. we broke up approximately one week ago, and since then, i've had excruciating difficulty just "letting her go."  our relationship together started to crumble after i omitted hanging out with my best (female) friend one night. admittedly, i made a mistake in not telling my girlfriend (who later found out by going through my phone). once she found out about this, she immediately called it off with me, only to later reconcile that same night. after having my head filled with hope that we could make it work, i redeemed myself for lying by admitting i was wrong and seeing my girlfriend (now ex) everyday to reassure her of my love. now, this is the part that really bothered me- after making all of this effort to fix the problem, i got dumped again a month later (right before new years). we got into this minor argument about a recent guy friend she made at school who had texted her, "what an amazing heart she has." now, folks, i know that this guy isn't gay. and i feel making comments like that, in a sense, is overstepping the boundaries. but anyways, upon finding out about this this text-flirt, i asked my girlfriend why she thought it was okay to be friends with a guy like that. to which she responded with, "if you can overstep boundaries, so can he." (fyi, reddit, i've never cheated and see my best friend in a platonic way). later in our argument, she said she couldn't be with me because, and i quote, "i can't trust you anymore. and honestly can't see myself marrying you anymore." when she told me this, i was tremendously hurt, but at the same time, understood that i had to respect her decision.i know you're supposed to wait a week or two if you want to win someone back, but  i caved and ended up texting her today. as expected, she did not respond.based on what you've heard, do you think i can fix this? should i move on? i really love this girl, and would like to make it work.++$++20
i am 20 years old, i am in college and have a part-time job and  i still live with my parents. i would move out and i really really want to move out, but i still wet the bed every night. i have been through the routine, went to doctors and tried meds. nothing has worked so far, and i would move out on my own and not care about the problem, but money wise it would be smarter to move in with roomates.... please does anyone have any ideas or solutions? i know it sounds like a sob story but it kept me from going away to college and moving in with many people when i had the chance..... thanks for all your help reddit community.++$++20
we were doing a urinalysis lab today. i can take the blood tests, pond scum, etc. but urine tests are disgusting. i had some spilled on me accidentally earlier and this is fucking disgusting. usually, we have to test urine from anonymous people but this time our class compared our 80 year old teachers piss to another anonymous persons urine. i really hope its not real but the color, ph, and microscopic tests are really convincing. it even smells and is warm like urine. do all high schools have to do this? can someone tell me if its real or not?++$++17
so i just received an email from a company that i applied to a few months ago. they want an interview next week. the position is technical specialist at a local college-associated research company. they collect data on city resources, such as water and energy usage, and create models to see how they can make city resources more efficient. i've held several jobs before, but none of them have included a formal interview such as this. most of the other jobs i have gotten by friend referrals, or have just been straight up hired based on my resume. i am 20 years old, still in college, studing computer science. i know that i have all the necessary skills they listed, and then some. my resume is fairly strong, and based on the requirements they listed, i am well qualified for this job. all that lies between me and this job is the interview. any tips? i do not have problem speaking, and i am not nervous about it. are there any things that i should look out for? do i dress up fancy, suit-and-tie? any specific rules i should follow? i know is going to interview me, and i have already started to do some research on who they are and what they have done, so i do not look ignorant if they ask me any company research specific questions.++$++20
i can take the blood tests, pond scum, etc. but urine tests are disgusting. i had some spilled on me accidentally earlier and this is fucking disgusting. usually, we have to test urine from anonymous people but this time our class compared our 80 year old teachers piss to another anonymous persons urine. i really hope its not real but the color, ph, and microscopic tests are really convincing. it even smells and is warm like urine. do all high schools have to do this? can someone tell me if its real or not?++$++17
dear reddit, i write this to you with sincerity.  this is not a joke or a troll, i'm in a very bad situation.  i'm 21 years old and admittedly afraid of what may become of me.  i'm not here to beg for money or assistance, i just want to share my story with you should the worst case scenario occur. i moved into a single family home in south florida with my parents and brother on november 1st.  i help run my families financial services firm for a living with my brother and father.  due to the economy (certainly not our lack of efforts), our business has been slower than usual and we we're unable to pay our december, 2010 rent.  the agent working for the landlord sued us in court for eviciton.  we worked with the court as long as possible to resolve the matter however, we were granted an extension to pay the balance for due for january and we're unable to meet the deadline.  now, the court has granted the plaintiff permission to post a 48 hour notice on our door which will be here any minute now i would imagine.  we have no car, and no money to move to a new property.  we have income coming in within the next week however, that will not be soon enough to remedy this problem.  i don't know what else to say.  i have not a single family member or friend that can help me.  this is the situation that i have found myself in and i'm out of options.   i grew up in new york as a middle class family and have worked hard all my life to do the right thing and take care of people trying to do well for themselves.  reddit, i'm not ready to be homeless.  i'm having a hard time accepting that this is the end of the road for me.  because of the fact that i have no friends or family to care about what should become of me, i write this to you, reddit, in hopes that someone will see my story.  i just want to share my final 48 hours with the community that has brought me so much.  sincerely,mr_deez++$++21
in 7th and 8th grade i studied german but pretty much failed it. in 9th i switched from german to spanish and had to keep a list of almost every word we learned and still struggled. in 10th, i had forgotten everything from spanish 1, even the basics and passed the class with a 60%. i had to memorize every word and what type of sentences use which form because i couldn't tell when you were supposed to use them or not. we had to learn about 100 words each chapter and i think i would be able to memorize about 20-40. i've also studied hebrew but it always felt like i was mumbling half of it.++$++17
for example, every once in a while i'll be laying in bed and i'll glance at the sheets or pillow or something and see shadows or wrinkles that make out what looks like a face. at times, they seem really detailed too. another example is a piece of wood. the lines on it sometimes make it look like a face.++$++17
i've been tossing around a few ideas in my head for the past few days, but none of them really seemed to fit.i kept getting caught up in the idea of "smoke". as in government sponsored campaigns like d.a.r.e and their drug addiction statistics are just "smoke and mirrors".or, we're enthusiastic about cannabis and all, but it's the government that's really been "blowing smoke".and then i kept going off on tangents about how we could be called the smoke and mirrors group, except instead of the usual connotation, the smoke defines what we're about, and the mirrors serve to reflect light on the truth.but that would never fly simply because you don't really choose a name for yourself that would make people think the opposite of what you're about at first glance.and then i had the grand idea, in a moment of clarity, to call ourselves **smoke on smoke**obviously there's room to add a 'the' at the front and whatever group-oriented noun you like at the back, be it 'campaign', 'group', 'association', 'alliance', etc. maybe even format it as smoke/smoke a la frost/nixon.but the point is, while you can look at the name in two ways:1. *smoke* (deception/concealment of truth) on *smoke* (cannabis use)2. *smoke* (symbolic of the entire cannabis movement) on *smoke* (symbolic of the entire cannabis disinformation)they both fit just as well to our cause. i keep getting this picture in my head of a logo where the word "smoke" is written in white/gray block letters and just below it is a reflection of it on water, except in the reflection the word is actually spelled in smoke. that would be awesome.in any case, it's just an idea. so let me know what you guys think.++$++18
i recently watched the documentary "restrepo" which follows us troops in afghanistan for a year. i found it fascinating, and one of my friends mentioned a book that was written by a soldier serving in iraq or afghanistan that detailed his experiences there, much like the documentary. that's all the information he knew. does anyone know what book he may be referring to?i also know it's not "war" by sebastian junger.++$++22
i'm a 22 year old senior in college. normally i'm a pretty sharp guy. i'm fairly witty and can keep a conversation going. however, lately i feel like my brain has been operating at about 25% the speed as usual. the last month or so of class was super stressful. a constant flow of exams and project deadlines and presentations. i didn't feel like myself and knew the stress was mostly to blame. but now i've been on winter break the last few weeks, and used the time to "recharge my batteries". i didn't do anything stressful, just slept in, hung out with friends and anything else i felt like. no schoolwork or job searching or anything like that. but i still feel like an idiot. i feel like i'm 1 step behind everyone else. today someone told me to drive carefully because it was snowing, and it took me a full 5 seconds to comprehend what they said, think of a response, and say it. they looked at me like i was crazy.what's wrong with me?++$++22
i recently watched the documentary "restrepo" which follows us troops in afghanistan for a year. i found it fascinating, and one of my friends mentioned a book that was written by a soldier serving in iraq or afghanistan that detailed his experiences there, much like the documentary. that's all the information he knew. does anyone know what book he may be referring to?++$++22
i quit cold turkey on monday and now i'm looking for some motivation to stay smoke-free.  with many people quitting as new year resolutions, i'm thinking we could get a pretty good bet going.  i'm thinking ~$100 per person (it's gotta be painful to matter) if you do break down and the winnings go to a charity.  anyone else game?++$++28
anyone down to meet up and maybe show me around the not-so-touristy spots? i know there's more to no than the french quarter, so i'd like to see what that is! also, i'm 20 years old while here, so where can i go to drink that won't give me a hard time?++$++20
i see this everywhere, but the biggest place i see it in is the porn industry. i really don't understand its obsession with teens, especially girls who just turned 18. i hear the arguement that 18 is when girls are their best looking and its all downhill after that, but seriously i think they will look pretty much the same up until their mid 20s. when i was younger, i used to think it was awesome but recently i''ve realized that i'm getting closer to 18 myself and i still feel like a kid. i don't know, maybe i'm just weird but i grew up thinking that sex was just something that adults had. when i reached 7th grade, i thought it was supposed to be only adults having it with adults and kids only having it with kids, not adults having it with kids.it's like every other vid is a teen getting it from one or more guys twice their age. now, i just get uncomfortable seeing this stuff. and i still don't understand why putting the emphasis on teen is so important. if they didn't mention it, i don't think many people could tell the difference. now, i just sort of feel uncomfortable seeing this stuff. has anyone else ever felt this way before or am i overthinking this thing?++$++17
**short introduction**: i am 23 years old, male, naturally shy and pretty much an introvert. i am not really a guy who meets new people easily. i speak english and really have a passion for traveling, but haven't had the chance to explore the world until now. i'll be going alone because none of my friends can afford the trip. i don't drink alcohol, i don't smoke, i don't smoke weed nor consume any kind of drugs.**where am i traveling to**: my first trip ever will be to amsterdam. you probably think i chose it because of the stuff people usually go there for, but it's not -- the tickets for amsterdam were the least expensive ones and that's the only reason. anyway, i'll be staying there for a very short time (a weekend), but that's all i can afford (time-wise).**what's the problem**: as i said in the introduction, i am shy and introverted. i find it hard to meet new people. i can't imagine myself approaching a stranger and initiating a conversation. i am what you call a touchy guy -- i get offended easily. sometimes when i go to a mall to buy myself some clothes, if i'm doing that alone, i feel really... awkward. it's like i'm ashamed that i'm alone. fuck, why is that?in amsterdam i was planning to go to a concert (an artist that i  like) and when i think that i'll be there alone... ooh, i can't imagine it. i will be ashamed and will feel very uncomfortable. is that normal? it can't be.**basically**, i would just like to have a good time (without consuming alcohol and drugs). do you have some advice? i thank you in advance! :-)++$++23
for instance:i'm 22 years old, a student, and employed. i'm fortunate to be all three, but work is meh and school is school.people always say(and perhaps too much) that you should do what you love. find a passion and pursue it. gaming is my passion.i love everything about it. the industry, people, communities, developers, and not to mention the games themselves. the list is endless and would result in a wall of text.long story short(tl;dr), to me, gaming has come from what your parents used to yell at you for playing too much, to a major cultural force, and i want in.suggestions?++$++22
1/06/11 never forget guyz.++$++21
i am looking to hire a experienced developer/design group to be on retainer or to work full-time. any interested parties please contact me via reddit messaging.++$++24
i'm that type of person that hates talking over the phone because of static, bad signal, or whatever might happen that can throw a conversation way off.  i'd rather talk to a person face-to-face, or via text (or some messaging platform) than over the phone.  anyone else like that?++$++21
i quit cold turkey on monday.  this friday, i'm going on a weekend mountain-cabin trip with 7 other friends and a keg.  drinking and smoking have always been the hardest thing for me to separate.  so i just sent my friends the following email:"fyi - i quit smoking on monday.  if anyone sees me smoking at any point, i'll either a. give you $25 or b. you can punch me in the face."update: made it through the weekend with no punches!++$++28
i have little to no experience with slr cameras.  i am browsing the suggesting links on the right at the moment.  any redditor advice would be appreciated.  edit:  a used camera is ok.edit 2: i will make a list at ones i am thinking about if that helps people. thanks again[nikon d3000](http://www.adorama.com/inkd3000r.html?utm_term=other&amp;utm_medium=shopping%20site&amp;utm_campaign=other&amp;utm_source=gbase)[canon eos digital rebel xsi](http://www.shopkingcamera.com/canon_eos_rebel_xsi_digital_camera_12_2_megapixels_p/caxsi.htm)[nikon d40](http://compare.ebay.com/like/230570287801?ltyp=allfixedpriceitemtypes&amp;_dmd=gallery&amp;var=sbar&amp;rvr_id=194630077818&amp;crlp=1_263602_304692&amp;ua=m*s%3f&amp;guid=4d8243d212d0a02652f52f55ff5fb0e2&amp;itemid=230570287801&amp;ff4=263602_304692)++$++21
okay, here's the deal.  my girlfriend suffers from depression.  she does not have health insurance for another month, and cannot / will not "get help" until then.  we have a very volitaile relationship, most of which in my opinion derive from her state of depression.i fell in love with this girl the second i laid eyes on her.  we've broken up twice before, but this time has a different air about it.  we both decided to give up the bar scene, realizing that it was bad for our relationship.this is the fight:  a few months ago she was at a party, i was not there.  a friend of mine saw her at said party, and in conversation asked me why i wasn't there.  no big deal, i had other stuff to do, but during that party she was hanging out with her ex (a boy she had dumped me for in our earlier attempts at being together).  i asked her about the party the next day, and she told me everything else but talking with her ex.  they made plans to hang out (plutonically, he has a live-in gf as well, and he and my gf hadn't dated for around 2 years).  although i was admittedly jealous, i told her it wasn't the fact that she was hanging out with him that i cared about, it was the fact she didn't tell me that she was hanging out with him.  i just feel that given our history, a heads up when she's hanging out with a guy she used to date that has caused issues between us in our past.apparently, for three months now she thinks that i've been spying on her, just because a friend of mine saw her at a party and i found out who she was hanging out with just by conversation (her ex is in a band).so last night, at dinner, she mentions that she needs to talk to me about something. she said, "i want to know who you have spying on me.  because of that i am uncomfortable hanging out with my friends, its making me depressed and its hurting our relationship."i told her that i wasn't spying on her, i just happened to have a friend that went to the same party, saw her and asked why i wasn't there.  no big deal in my view, it was just some off-hand comment that i found out she was talking to her ex.  i brought up my points and also told her that i was a bit offended that she'd think i was spying on her.reddit, i have loved this girl from day one, but if she thinks i'm spying on her...i don't think that's very healthy.i know she's suffering from depression, so should i wait it out another month and try to get some help, or do i save myself?  i haven't been able to get any sleep, my job performance is suffering.  i'm 28 years old, my career is just budding, i don't have the time to stay up all hours of the night arguing with my girlfriend.maybe i'm the asshole here, that's very possible.  but i am at a loss.  i don't know wtf to do.  will it get better, should i go it alone?can i tell her that i need her to get help emotionally, or i can't be with her?i just need...help.  some form of advice.  people suffering from depression, i'd love to hear from you.  i just am so lost and confused right now.  is it unhealthy to stay when things are bad, or is it worse for me to give up when she could be getting close to having the means to get help?tl;dr my gf suffers from depression, thinks i'm spying on her because my friend saw her at a party.  i don't know if i can stay in the relationship.  advice?++$++28
just broke 200 from 220 this week since starting at the end of october! half way to goal #1 (180) then its on to 160 and working towards building up my strength. gave myself a cheat week as a reward. probably bad but whatever, i missed eating candy during movies. it's the little things right?++$++20
i'm 22 years old, been smoking since i was about 15, and have decided to quit. i've tried before and failed miserably. but i'm just sick of it. smell bad, always trying to catch my breath, and wasting so much money. normally smoke about a pack a day. by now (12:52pm) i've normally had at least 6-8 cigs, as of right now i've had 3 today. i already feel like i'm dying. my body is convulsing (metaphorically) for nicotine. did you go cold turkey or wean off them? i'm stretching out my smoke break intervals to see how that goes today. i have like 5 cigs left, and i don't plan on buying another pack. you may see some more angry rants coming from me in the next few days lol.++$++22
i can't help but wonder that if i grew up in a broken home i would be able to deal with my problems and act more grown-up than in a normal home. i feel like if my parents were a lot tougher and less caring when i was younger than i wouldn't have such a hard time dealing with my depression. i also think that if i was forced to take care of myself and grow up quicker, i would have been more prepared for life on my own.++$++17
i feel pretty alone in my opinion that twilight sucks.  there has to be someone out there who agrees with me.++$++20
ok reddit, here is the situation: some quick background info first; i love reddit, practically live off of this website.  havn't been around long but it has been love at first sight.now on to my venting reddit i graduated in 2007 w/a finance degree.  worked for 2 years in ny and got laid off...i live in new jersey, with my mom and dad.  i am 26 years old and indian (so the living with parents is more of a cultural thing than anything else).  anyways, in the past year or two i've came on some really hard times, lost my job, parents lost their jobs and now basically lost the house (only a matter of days) for the signinggood news is parents have both found something although they only get paid $8-9 / hr.  it's something more good news: i found a temp job bad news: apparently i worked so efficently that my position is ending soon .. feb 25th to be exact.  go figure.  i've been umployed for a year prior to this job and dont want to go down that line again, it really messed me up.  it completely changes your personality, makes you depressed, jealous, angry, upset, beaten down and defeated i've never asked for help and 99% of the time am to prideful to ever do so but i just dont know what to do anymore losing the house is a huge blow for me, i have a supporting family and gf but i can't vent to them or show them my weakness because they all rely on me for one thing or antoher.  i always have to have a smile on my face, reassure everyone that everything will be alright and be the backbone of the family. but this is all just too much to handle sometimesi am not sure as to where i am trying to go with this but i just needed to vent.  just needed someone else to know that i am breaking down and have no one to turn to...++$++26
i'm 33 years old.  my wife and i have been married for 5 years.  no kids.  somehow over the years we got into the habit of partying more than we should, and it has really become a problem.she drinks nightly, about a bottle and a half of hard liquor a week.  lately i've found myself avoiding her often, because at these times her behavior is unpredictable.  at best she can be sloppy and mildy annoying, at her worst angry and self-righteous.complicating matters is that i smoke cannabis on a regular basis, which in her eyes justifies the excessive drinking.  "you have your thing, i have mine."  there is some truth to that, perhaps some hypocrisy on my behalf, though i feel this is sort of an apples/oranges situation.her drinking comes with a fairly lazy, unambitious approach to life and avoidance of daily responsibilities.  i find myself doing more and more of the housework, yardwork, looking after our plants/animals, etc.  she mainly watches tv and movies and usually opposes getting together with friends because she's "overwhelmed," which is a cop out, imo.  she is always overwhelmed.alcoholism runs deep in her family.  mom and brother are in aa.  sister has an even worse drinking problem.  i know the typical reddit answer will be to cut all the booze/drugs out, drop facebook, hit the gym.  i agree, but this is easier said than done.  less easy is convincing someone *else* to do it.i love her and i want to stay with her, but i can't continue living decandently and aimlessly.  something has to change.**tl;dr** wife drinks too much and it's hurting our marriage.  i don't know how to reach her.++$++33
this is for my senior project in high school where i board and in a couple of weeks i will have to submit my proposal to a committee which will then decide whether or not my project should be passed.*the most basic guideline are that given **40 hours a week for four consecutive weeks**, i will have something to show for my time and effort, be it a paper, report, video, demonstration or performance.seeing as how this project would be taking place in boston during the springtime, i'd love to do as much of the project off campus as possible. as a boarder, i don't have access to a car, but public transportation is not a problem.past projects have included learning an instrument, making a movie with multiple other classmates, writing several movie reviews, etc.i've considered things like:1. documenting myself longboarding along any and all scenic locales, aiming for 20 miles a day, totaling 300 miles after three weeks. then making a nice composite film from the result during the last week. possibly one of the most relaxing of my hobbies, which i'd love to showcase to my school in an enjoyable format.2. interviewing people both on and off campus about their moralistic stances, and/or conducting social experiments a la abc news' what would you do series, after which i would make a report on my findings, possibly in a film format as well, along with some statistical analysis which would surely include some fancy infographics.3. learning an instrument, or mixed martial arts, which both seem like useful skills to have that i could easily demonstrate my proficiency in at the end of the project period.if there are any particular aspects i'd like to focus on though, it'd probably enjoying the weather, meeting new people, and just ending up with an experience that will better me in one way or another. so as much it sounds like a treat, "just chillin" probably won't be a good use of my time.any ideas?++$++18
first off, i'm 22 years old and female. 5'7'', 280lbs. down from 320 since october. my goal is to lose massive amounts of fat while maintaining as much muscle as possible.i read in the faq that if you're severely overweight you should avoid cardio.i've lost weight so far by eating 2200 calories per day and a bit of weight training. i know eventually i'll need to cut the calories down and up the training.i've tried cardio before and it hurts. it hurts and it makes me exhausted. lifting weights made me hurt too, but i know it's good for me. i feel like i'm doing cardio for nothing. if it's only purpose is to burn say, "200 calories"...i'd rather just eat 200 less calories. but i've heard it's awesome for your heart, awesome for your lungs, it raises metabolism all day, etc.should i deal with with the discomfort of cardio because of it's benefits, or should i stick with just a clean diet and weights?thanks for reading. i hope i'm doing this right, never posted on here before.edit: thanks for the advice everyone. i seriously, seriously appreciate it. it means a lot to me that you guys were willing to help me out. i read every reply and i think i will start walking a bit. the cardio i was doing before *was* jogging. i just thought i would try that since it seems like walking wouldn't do much in terms of burning calories.but it's true i'm so big walking probably would be good for me. then maybe my knees and ankles won't hurt so bad. again, thanks so so much.++$++22
hey everyone! i just wanted to wish my fellow nosleepers a belated happy new year!also, i want to thank everyone for nominating /r/nosleep for best little community for 2010! i never expected this subreddit to gain this much popularity when i started it, so it really means a lot to me. thirdly, welcome to all those who helped us break the 5k reader mark!happy sleeping!asmith1243++$++20
a few years back, i saw a bunch of 20-somethings in really simple clothing piling out of an old van at a local gas station, the inside covered in artwork about love and peace.  call them hippies if you'd like, but what i saw was a family reconnecting to the world.  i'd never seen such raw happiness as i did in that group of friends just driving around the country (usa) and seeing where life took them.  i wanted to join them so bad i could have cried, but at that time i was too young to do so.   this may sound silly to some of you, but that brief chance encounter had a profound impact on me.  since that time i've spent so much of my time thinking about where i belong, of who i belonged with, and why i was even alive.  where i live right now, i feel like my only options are to force myself into a life that would require i completely falsify who i am as a person until i die, or to leave this place and find my answers. so, after much thought i've decided that in the near future (as near as possible) i will break free from a life that doesn't make me happy, and travel about the country looking for love, life, and that part of humanity so many of us left behind in exchange for oblivious cookie-cutter lives inside of our own little bubbles.  i want to see things, and have adventures.  i want to make friends out of strangers, and family out of friends.  i want to meet fellow humans who i'd never meet in my current life, who have things to offer i never knew i was missing.  i want to live, rather than waiting behind some desk to die.  sheltered lives may be nice and all, but i want to see the rays of sun that shelter keeps out.now, with the explanation of "why" out of the way, we get to the main point of my post.  i'm trying to figure out the "how."  where should i go?  what should i see?  how should i determine where to visit along my path to enlightenment?  what are some good ways to make money along the way to fund further adventures?  i want as much of the reddit hivemind's wisdom as it will give me.  feel free to share answers, advice, anecdotes, and anything else you please.  i love reddit (been here for about a year now, this is a secondary account) and i'd be honored by each and every word posted here, trolls aside of course.i'm considering documenting my journey, and sharing it with all of you.  i'm also thinking about making travel-mates out of various friends from around the nation i've known for years (and maybe some new friends too!) thanks to the intertubes, because what's a journey to find oneself without kindred spirits riding shotgun? a little basic info about me:* i'm 21 years old* i'd be starting my journey out of illinois, near the kentucky border.* i'm job-searching right now to find some menial work in order to save up initial funds to launch the trip with.* i'm very open minded and laid back, so "odd" suggestions are not off limits.  thanks for your time.*-nfk*tldr;  i'm going to become a wandering ~~hippie~~ seeker of truths.  tips/advice?edit: formattingedit 2:  in just a few comments, i've already promised 2 people specific feedback from my journey.  i'm going to keep a "promise list" here to keep track of these and future promises.  **promises:*** sachemkiowa:  take lots of pictures of california and be sure to share them. * black_widow:  do... well, i'm not entirely sure what it is i'll be doing, but i have a hunch.  i also have [specific instructions](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/ex5fs/reddit_i_want_to_travel_the_country_on_a_soul/c1bmntq) and i shall follow through with photographic evidence!++$++21
get that i put quotations around "professional fundraiser". i'm no professional to start off with. i'm 19 years old, and just needed a job. they just like to call us "professional fundraisers" or in short, "pfr's". pretty much, strategic fundraising gets hired by any sort of organization that is willing to pay up for it, so that we call every single one of the people that has ever given some sort of contribution to them. we also call for some non profit organizations as well, which makes me feel a little better about my job, things like feeding america, food for the poor, operation smile, and habitat for humanity. but a large percentage of our client base is conservative groups such as the republican national committee, the national republican congressional committee, the national republican senatorial committee, michelle bachmann for congress, the national rifle association, and often times several other state republican parties as well, such as washington, california, north carolina, and texas. i work full time, and i call people, and try to convince them to donate money to these organizations. i talk to some of the strangest, most interesting, yet often times downright insane people in the country, who don't have internet, don't leave their small little towns, and watch television all day long. their ideals and perspectives on the current world situations and day to day happenings in politics can often leave me in tears from laughter, or forever scared for the hope of mankind. i don't particularly enjoy my job, but it can often be pretty entertaining. but i thought maybe someone would be interested in what i do, or just curious.++$++19
he's 84, you know.++$++17
hey people. i'm a trans dude looking for other queer people to hang out with. i'm attracted to women, but i wouldn't mind chatting/hanging with a dude.i'm 22 years old. i like coffee dates, bowling (terrible at it though), video games, dancing, watching terrible but hilarious b horror movies, trying out new food. i'm looking for queer friends! long distance ok too! xdpm or add me on skype? ottocinque1++$++22
hi all,i've lived most of my adult life near the sydney cbd - bondi, centennial park, glebe. lately my wife and i have been thinking of heading out to the suburbs, mainly because for the same price as a dinky terrace in glebe you can buy a 4 bedroom house with a big backyard. we like the northern beaches suburbs and have quite a few friends there, we were thinking anywhere around seaforth, forestville, frenchs forest and surrounding suburbs.now for a bit of context - i'm a brown person (sri lankan) and my wife is white. i was born and raised here, i don't even speak my parents' language. i'm 37 years old.one thing that i notice up there, is that it's very 'white'. wandering around up that way i really notice the difference from the suburbs i'm used to. i thought nothing of it, but when talking to my brothers wife (also white) she felt uneasy while walking around with my brother in suburban streets in the north west. basically, is this something that anyone here has experienced? are we likely to be stared at, treated strangely, not get on with our neighbours? either for being brown or for being in a mixed relationship? or am i and my brother just imagining this, because it's something we were expecting when away from our inner city suburbs?tia for any advice or stories.++$++37
i was with my ex girlfriend for 3 years. it was a great relationship that eventually came to an end because of stress in our lives. i won't go into unnecessary detail, but we both had a lot going on in our lives and the relationship led to more stress instead of acting as a relief valve.when we broke up, she said she wanted to stay friends. i was skeptical that we'd ever reach that point, or that i'd ever be able to handle that. i pretty much cut off contact with her for the better part of 6 months. she reached out to me to get lunch and catch up, but i declined because i knew i wasn't ready. but within the last couple months, we've seen each other more and more (both planned and by chance) and we've kind of reached a "friendship" of sorts.so here's my question: when girls say they want to "stay friends", do they actually mean it? obviously every girl and situation is different, but in general, what have your experiences been? is it just one of those catch phrases?i ask because in the last week or so, things have seemingly ramped up a bit. we ran into each other at a bar, so we were both a little drunk. we talked for a while and she touched my leg throughout the conversation. she told me i looked cute and kissed me on the cheek goodbye at the end of the night, before suggesting we see each other again. a few days later, i was again out with friends, and i ran into her friends. i guess they passed along that they saw me, because my ex texted me asking if i was still there. i had left and was back home, and when i told her this she said "oh ok nevermind." followed by "are you going to bed?" that last text was at 2:30 am, and i didn't hear from her again that night.re-reading what i just typed makes it seem like she's obviously interested in me again, but that doesn't seem to be the case. when we talk, it's not really flirtatious, which is what's been throwing me off. so, what are your thoughts?++$++22
let me give some perspective by supplying some background info: i love my home. i'm from chicago, and it's my favorite city in the world. i have a wonderful family and wonderful friends that i've known since preschool / grade school, and it's where i want to live after college. i go to school in michigan. i've never loved it here, but i've stayed because i'm going to graduate with a fantastic degree. it's just different from what i'm used to. and even though i go to a big school, i've found it difficult to really connect with people. i have friends here, but honestly, none that i'll really keep in touch with after graduation. it all just seems so fake to me. i've had some fun times here, but all in all i'll be glad to move on.i've also struggled with depressive episodes from time to time. sometimes they've been bad, but lately it just seems like i've lacked energy and motivation. i feel drained all the time and just don't really feel like trying to dig myself out. i think that feeling is definitely related to my school situation. there's just nothing i get excited for. nobody i get excited to see. i was just on my winter break, which was awesome. i got to spend a ton of time with my friends from home and had a great time with them. but now i'm back at school, and feeling like blah again. it's mentally exhausting to know i have to push through another semester, even if it will be my last one. and i'm scared for what the future holds. i don't have a job lined up yet, and neither do my friends from home. i always looked forward to reuniting with them after school was over, but i'm starting to realize that may not happen. from some conversations with them, it sounds like a real possibility that they'll end up elsewhere after graduation. and that scares me and makes me feel really lonely. i guess it's hard to explain exactly *why* i feel this way, but i given my social situation at school, i guess i'm afraid i'll be left on my own without any real friends.does anyone have any words of wisdom for pushing through?++$++22
*[as referenced on the colbert report]*++$++18
i'm still in high school so no one really works out yet. as a result, it's fairly difficult to find a good spotter i can regularly lift weights with. would i get the same gains using dumbbells instead?++$++15
i'm 19 years old. i grew up in the midwest, born and raised a christian. that being said, i when i got to an age where science and reason started to dominate my life, i quickly disregarded the bible as anything that could be taken seriously.however, one fact still bothers me and it's that i can't think of any reason a god couldn't exist. why be athiest? how can you disprove the concept of god? it seems a lot of people on this forum are die-hard god-pisser-on'ers, but i would challenge you to do me a solid and prove to me the existence of a superior power can't/doesn't exist.it seems like the argument from ignorance ideology can work both ways in this situation, so i guess my real question would be is, why not?edit: i edited my stupid ending, and would like to apologize, because i should have guessed this was a re-occurring topic, x_x. i guess i was more so looking for as to why people choose the polar opposite of religion, atheism.++$++19
i'm 20 years old, was raised catholic, and have been a full blown atheist for about 2 years.  i just want to say that r/atheism is a great place and i have been loving hanging out here the past few months. here is what i wanted to tell you guys:there is a "world renowned" priest by the name of father suarez, who claims to be a healer. i believe it was about a year ago when he visited my mom's school (my mother is a catholic school principal, she's very spiritual but not a devout catholic) and held a mass as well as a "healing." i never went, but apparently he was blessing children and they were falling to the ground, breaking down and crying, things like that. it really upset me, the guy just seems like a downright fraud. [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8up3lhbgtic&amp;feature=related) is a "cyber healing" video of his that is pretty damn ridiculous. there are multiple testimonies that people give on his website, many people reporting feeling "heavy in their bodies" and falling etc. i'm not always militant about my atheism and lack of religion in my life, but something about this guy just really agitates me. i can't find the articles right now but i believe many celebrities have asked for his healing as well. what does r/atheism think?++$++20
i was looking up some prices and it's about 20 bucks a gram. some eights go for $65? i would be willing to pay 50, but definitely not 65. these prices seem to be the norm for almost all dispensaries.++$++20
i always hear about how bad our schools are but i just can't understand how bad they really are. the school district i've grown up has won some awards and i think it is supposed to be one of the best in the country. while, i'll admit it hasn't been the best time for me, the high school i go to is actually pretty good. there are tons of classes to pick from and lots of things to do. we have about 2400 students and expect to have at least 2600 next year. even thought it is big, there isn't really that many fights or anything. i haven't met a teacher yet who doesn't care about his/her students. at the start of the school year, i was going through one of the hardest times of my life and was about to end it all until my school counselor talked me out of it. from the district website, it says from 2008-2009, the graduation rate was 95.2% and the drop out rate was 1.2%.i understand that there are many urban schools that have it really bad but i can't imagine how bad it is for the rest of the country.++$++17
i really have no idea where to turn, or what actions to take.  i have to micro-manage my parents, and at this point, i have no idea what to do.  so reddit, i turn to you!i am 26 years old, and i live in boston.  my parents have lived in ga their whole lives.first, parents in a nutshell:* very decent, old fashioned, and poor individuals who are sadly falling apart.* my dad is basically like andy griffith combined with the dad from the wonder years.* my mom is basically the most irrational and fiery person ever, like the mom from the fighter.my dad became depressed a few years ago, was suicidal and burned out from his woodworking career but has recovered.  mom really brings him down and is impossible to live with.dad became stable.a few months ago, my mom began to have an affair with the neighbor, an illegal immigrant named rojo.  dad caught them in a parking lot, and my mom has logged over thousands of cell phone minutes talking with rojo.  rojo's spouse put a gun to rojo's head, then shot at his jacket.  rojo was kicked out. mom never apologized to anyone, still gave my dad crap, and blamed him for her cheating.  after a while, dad couldn't handle it.  he called me right before christmas to tell me all of this, and i flew home.mom feels no remorse and justifies it by saying my dad cheated on her 30 years ago  before i was born.parents can't get a divorce because turns out they aren't officially married; they've been together my whole life, but apparently common-law marriage doesn't exist in ga.  we didn't know.i took my dad for a walk through the local park.  during this, my dad confided in me that he doesn't know how many days he can last before committing suicide, and that my mom has cheated on him tons of times  most of which were before i was born, but even some during my growing up.**within the same walk, dad also dreadfully told me that he's not my biological father.**  my mom tricked him when she was pregnant.  he said he knew the whole time, but since he was raised in a foster home w/o parents, he really wanted to raise me.  dad said that mom confirmed this illegitimacy when i was 10.  of course, he still chose to continue serving as my father, as it was only last week that i found this out.mom apparently drank hard and did pot while pregnant with me.  (they both did pot all throughout my growing up.)  how i'm a staff researcher at mit now, i have no idea; seems like i should have been born mentally retarded.crap get's worse:i immediately flew my dad up to boston with me, in hopes of moving him up here, finding him a job, and getting him help.within 1 hour of his being up here, my mom was cheating with rojo again.  neighbors called my dad saying rojo's vehicle was at our house.  my dad had been giving my mom the benefit of the doubt, but now with concrete evidence of multiple people confirming rojo was there all night and returned to his truck, dad now really wants to end the relationship w/ mom.not so easy.the house is stupidly in both of their names  joint custody with 50k still owed.next morning, my mom empties their jointly-owned bank account, leaving my dad with $100.my dad has done nothing wrong.mom constantly lies, and lies about lies.  it's impossible to have a real convo with her.we want to kick mom out of the house, and for my dad to have the house  his work shop is there.  mom is currently making good money.  she's self-employed... cleans houses and pet sits, and has never filed taxes.  she's never had any bank account in her own name, and has 0 credit.  my dad has excellent credit, although his self-employed woodworking is the lowest it's ever been.  he usually brings in 90% of the money.i flew my dad home monday, and his sister is housing him.  dad briefly went to his house to collect some belongings.  mom physically attacked him.  dad called police, police simply came out, noted how ballistic my mom is, and body-guarded dad.  mom made up lies to police that he beats her.  police knew better.dad dropped by the house today briefly.  mom cooked him breakfast.  turns out, she poisoned the food; he's had a horrible stomach bug all day, starting shortly after eating breakfast.we now have reason to believe she's going to max out his credit card.  she also suspiciously said that she's about to get a fortune somehow.  i'm afraid to know what's about to go down.so basically, we can't kick my mom out.  she jointly owns the place, and my parents aren't married.  yet, my dad can't stand to live there because she's there.  she'll try to kill him.  she said she'll have rojo over anytime she wants, and there's nothing my dad can do about it; police won't come out unless it's a criminal matter.mom refuses to sell her half of the house.  mom refuses to pay the mortgage payment too.  if my dad doesn't pay the monthly mortgage payment, his credit will be affected.  we've considered just cutting off all of the utilities, but she has money to turn them back on.neither parent has health insurance.oh, my mom only cares about her old '93 mustang.  that's all she cares about in life.  it's really strange, but that's her weak spot.  if we were vindictive and mean, we would take that from her.  for years she's claimed that's the only thing she has in life.  very sad, i know.what can i do?  should we try to get a restraining order on her?  i'm all out of ideas, and it's really taking a toll on my daily thinking abilities. **tldr:**mom's a bitch.  parents co-own the house, and we can't kick mom out.  parents aren't officially married, so we can't get her for having a continuous affair with the illegal immigrant neighbor.  mom refuses to pay mortgage, and dad can't stay at the house cause she's crazy.  literally, she's crazy.  i love her, but she has the emotional maturity of a 5 year old.  no exaggeration.**update**thanks for all of the advice!my dad is staying at his sister's/brother-in-law's house in ga now.  well, they got in contact w/ a great attorney and emailed me:&gt;i spoke to the attorney today who wrote the common law statute for georgia in the 70s and amended it in the 90s. he is a partner at one the top five law firms here in atlanta. the statute pre 97  is written to make it very hard to prove common law marriage. he said you could expect this to cost up to 25-50 k if you could get a judge that would hear it. plus if you win he could be subject to alimony since she has not reported any income.  his advice is to settle with her on the house and move on.also, dad isn't as depressed now, just we're trying to handle all the crap my mom throws at us.++$++26
i am 23 years old and attempting to finish up my last full semester of college. due to a shortage of credits and a few past fuck ups i will be taking a couple of classes over the summer as well. since i was a kid i lived with my grandfather who passed away a few months ago, leaving me no real home to return to. i would have a place to sleep at my mothers apartment or other relatives houses, however it would be much better to be independent. thus, i am scared that i wont be able to find a place of my own, pay off my student loans, get a job, and be able to save up enough to eventually go to graduate school and pursue my dreams. with so many uncertainties in the present, i am afraid i will never be able to achieve anything. what should i do? how can i cope with all of this? is there any way to make the transition from a college student to the real world easier?++$++23
whats up guys? hoping to get some input on what i did right or wrong last night. little context to my situation: so like many people who post on here i'm new to this. i don't think i'm your standard forever aloner. i am 20 years old and have slept with over 30 girls however i'm looking to move up to more consistently pulling hb 8's and 9's. i definitely don't feel that i'm bad with women but i'm also definitely not on the level of a lot of guys here. so last night i go out with some friends and we have a really laid back night i bring my hb 7.5 friend along for social proof. however the night mostly consisted of us just chilling and drinking beers. around 1 am i head home because everyone else is going home but i'm still restless so i call a girl i've known for a minute, we'll call her matilda. she has a boyfriend.  matilda invites me to a house where she is partying at and being bored i roll over. there aren't many people at this party however i brought a sixer of beer and this quickly made me some friends. its getting late so people are starting to leave get rides etc. my friend matilda asks if its ok if i give her a ride home if she wants to stay a while. i agree. so not much other important stuff happens until i'm taking her home.so i'm taking her home and i happen to be in my hometown while she is just visiting. so i give her the old "let me show you the sights." she agrees and we drive up to a generic makeout spot and talk. once were up her is when i start trying to really build attraction. i do everything you guys told me for the most part. i neg her a little bit about how "she isn't as smart as me," and "how she has a goofy laugh." these may sound a little weird but i deliver them with a big grin so its all good. i disqualify myself saying things like, "don't let these pretty city lights con you into think i'm going to get with you." so these things are all working we were kinda friends before but now shes talking about how she is sexually attracted to me, and how she feels bad though because she loves her boyfriend. i figure i must be on the right track. she is initiating kino, cuddling up with me and leaning on me. so this is where things go wrong i am finally cuddling up with her our lips are like half an inch away, we kiss a little bit and she pulls back. we hangout for a little while and then leave but it never gets really going even though she clearly wanted it to. i recover from the slightly awkward kissed you ever though you have a boyfriend vibe, by telling her that "spending three hours with me in a car woulda pissed her boyfriend off, but i tried kissing her so now she could tell him she shut me down." tl;dr: implemented some seddit tactics on a girl with a boyfriend however after a kiss close attraction fizzled. so i dropped her off. other things happened we hungout for like 3 hours on the mountain, in the interest of brevity however i left some stuff out. advice? thanks you guys are awesome!++$++20
i am 18 years old and i am going to college. i have never kissed a girl. never evaa!!! i've avoided kissing girls mostly because of my inexperience. for some reason my dumb brain thinks that the girl will laugh at me when she realizes i suck at kissing. next time i find myself in a situation where i can go for the kill, i want to have some set of moves in the back of my mind that i can use during my kiss. what do experienced kissers do? where do you put your hands? should i suck her lower lip? upper lip? should i bite her lips? am i even in on the right track?++$++18
has he been to reddit since then?++$++17
i am 18 years old, and i am in college but i have never kissed a girl. i've had opportunities to kiss girls, but because of my inexperience, i have shied away from those opportunities. but no more!next time i get the chance, i am going for it. when this happens tho, i want to have a set of moves in the back of my head so i can feel prepared.any tips from experienced kissers out there is greatly appreciated.edit: i am a dude.++$++18
i am a long time lurker on reddit, but since i've seen lots of great stuff happening on reddit i thought to myself "ehh why not, it couldn't hurt" (hopefully it doesn't :di am 19 years oldliving in then sugar land areagoing to uhi have experience in retail (walgreen etc etc) also have a little bit of military experience in the "cultural advice" area.i'm good with computers and i am a very fast learner.i've been looking for a job, but with my luck haven't been able to get one.i tried getting a job as a teller, got the interview but ended up competing with people who already have a 4 year degree so on and so forth....so if anyone here in the great houston reddit community know of a job that i could possibly gain please pm me.hopefully this works xd++$++19
that is all.++$++16
looking to do some projects on glass but haven't been satisfied with the results.++$++22
with haircut ideas?[here i am](http://imgur.com/n0zcn)++$++26
i am 18 years old, i have some money from my job (part-time retail) but it's not enough to live by. i don't go to school because i can't even afford the local community college even with a loan (infamous problem about the fafsa assuming your parents will help pay). my mother is extremely abusive and mentally unstable and she has apparently lost it completely and is now kicking me out in seven days.i do have a car, but i don't know where to go or what to do. the store has severely cut my hours (post-holiday drought of customers) so i'm not making much of anything anymore. i live in a very affluent suburb where the apartments cost a fortune. even renting with another person would be far out of my meager means.i've been desperately trying to get a friend or two (or three) to get a place together but all of them are content to live at home, i don't blame them. i also have very severe depression and have been fighting suicidal thoughts for a couple years. i don't really know what more i can take.i'm basically asking for advice about what place to move to, like a city, and preferably one where someone without a degree could get a job that pays enough to actually live by. you're my last hope reddit.i'm not giving my location as i don't want anyone to offer me anything. a second reason why i won't give my location (it's a suburb, not a city) is because i need to move somewhere else anyway. the standard of living is just way too high here for someone with my means to afford it.++$++18
i'm sitting in my history class and my language arts teacher just walked in and called them out in front of the whole class for drawing dicks everywhere. they drew dicks on desks, walls, on worksheets, in their books, books the class needed because there weren't enough for everyone to have their own, other peoples work, on the teachers copy of worksheets that needed to be copied and given out to the class, on computer monitors, on the fire alarm, on the class phone, etc, etc, etc...one of the guys was in class one day talking so much the teacher told him to go sit outside of class. while he was sitting, he carved a dick into a floor tile with a pencil. don't ask me how. i have no idea.today, my language arts teacher found that one of them drew on his kids artwork that he had on the wall by his desk. he said that he just snapped when be saw it and walked over to my history class, where the 3 guys were. he called them out in front of everyone. i don't think they will be drawing dicks for a while.++$++17
i am 18 years old, i have some money from my job (part-time retail) but it's not enough to live by. i don't go to school because i can't even afford the local community college even with a loan (infamous problem about the fafsa assuming your parents will help pay). my mother is extremely abusive and mentally unstable and she has apparently lost it completely and is now kicking me out in seven days.i do have a car, but i don't know where to go or what to do. the store has severely cut my hours (post-holiday drought of customers) so i'm not making much of anything anymore. i live in a very affluent suburb where the apartments cost a fortune. even renting with another person would be far out of my meager means.i've been desperately trying to get a friend or two (or three) to get a place together but all of them are content to live at home, i don't blame them. i also have very severe depression and have been fighting suicidal thoughts for a couple years. i don't really know what more i can take.i'm basically asking for advice about what place to move to, like a city, and preferably one where someone without a degree could get a job that pays enough to actually live by. you're my last hope reddit.i'm not giving my location as i don't want anyone to offer me anything.edit: a second reason why i won't give my location (it's a suburb, not a city) is because i need to move somewhere else anyway. the standard of living is just way too high here for someone with my means to afford it.++$++18
he's 16 and barely eats anything other than junk food (think captain crunch, arizona tea, hot pockets...). i tried to convince him to do goad diet but everytime i bring up the topic he gets really offended even though i'm just trying to help him. he's really against any form of exercise and won't lift weights.++$++20
my mother passed away january 22, 2010 from endometrial cancer. she fought hard for 8 months but lost the battle pretty quickly. i'm 27 years old, and am having a heck of a time dealing with losing her. i am downright depressed and i see it slowly eating into other areas of my life, ie work and relationships. i honestly don't know what to do. my fiance wants me to go to a counselor to get help, i don't really do well talking to someone face to face. i have a hard time sharing my emotions. it's almost like i can't accept her dying and find any time i am happy i feel guilty, so i almost use self punishment to keep myself down. my mother and i were so close, and i feel like my world has come crashing down since her passing. does anyone have any advice of ways to lift myself up? or know of any really good online support groups? i just don't know what to do and feel like i'll never have happiness again. sorry if this came across as rambling, i know i kinda was.++$++27
some what long story ahead. hope you don't mind reading.i'm 29 years old, grew up in ct, now living in williamsburg, brooklyn with my wife of 1 year (just for some background). i've basically had high testosterone my whole life, and with it, some wild symptoms. lots of bodyhair, carrying a good deal of muscle mass without even working out, occastional back acne, and anger issues. the anger issues are what got my wife and i to decide to go marriage counselling.after a couple of counseling sessions, we decided that the problem was i get too agitated over simple things, and it was hurting my wife emotionally and our relationship. the counceller suggested that it could be from high testosterone, and it's a problem a lot of men have to deal with. she suggested maybe i could look into ways to lowering it.i've actually been tested in high school at age 14, when i finished puberty really fast. the endocrinologist said it was at the very high range for a man, much less a kid.so i've taken up a vegan diet (mainly to stay away from red meat and eggs), and started eating lots of soy tofu. is there a way i could get estrogen shots? my wife even suggested i could take some of her surplus birth control pills, as that would put female hormones into my body. i want to save our relationship, and don't want to drive away the love of my life over too much male hormone.tldrl; wife and i agreed i have anger issues and that i should look into lowering my testosterone. need a safe, healthy way to do it.edit: just noticed the spelling in the title. oops!++$++29
reading through everything here, looking at people's highdeas for food, seeing buds, makes me want to smoke so bad. unfortunately i am stuck at home with no weed. i'm broke. bowls are already cleaned. i am sol. so somebody out there, smoke a bowl, bong, blunt, or joint for me will ya? p.s. i love /r/trees.++$++22
when i was around 4 to 5 years old i used to live in this really quiet neighborhood in jersey. the house we used to live in was 1 floor with the attic converted into 2 other bedrooms, one mine and the other my sisters. we spent a lot of time moving around when i was younger (i grew up a diplo-brat) so my room never had much stuff in it, all i had was my bed on the far side of the room, directly under the only window in the room, in the corner near that was my toy box up against the wall. as a side note, me and my mom have always been very sensitive to the "paranormal".   anyways, there was one night where i was having a bit of trouble sleeping, and was kinda just laying there listening to the silence. a minute later i nearly crap my pants when my toy box lid slams shut, the box was one of those big plastic playskool ones, the lids not very heavy, but it closed so loud it gave the impression it was being slammed shut. i sat upright and stared at it for a while, terrified (i wasn't the bravest kid). i forgot to mention the attic that was my room had storage panels in the walls, little wooden doors all along the wall that you could slide open to store stuff inside the walls. anyways, a couple seconds after i sit up to look at the toy box i hear a faint scratching coming from the other side of the panels, the hairs on my arms are standing on end remembering the sound. just as i'm about to freak out and sprint out of the room to my parents, the scratching sound starts to move very quickly along the wall, and is if that wasn't horrifying enough at the time, the sound quickly reaches the opposite side of the room, travels the opposite wall, passes my door somehow, and comes down the other wall. at this point i am screaming for my mom and dad, and just as i jump out of my bed, the screen from my window unhinges and falls onto my bed. i didn't sleep in that room for at least a week. my parents tried to convince me i was just hearing mice inside the walls, but the scratching was too loud and it doesn't explain how it traveled to the opposite wall, not to mention the toy box slamming and screen falling. i'm 22 years old and just had to get up and turn on all the lights to type this. this is my first post on this sub, and i have a few other experiences to share, none that scared me as much as this one, but i had a really interesting conversation with my mom that explains a lot about one of the houses i used to live in, but i'll get around to posting that on here soon, maybe tomorrow.**edit:** *changed quiet town to quiet neighborhood, i don't remember so much about the entire town as much as i remember about the immediate surroundings of my street. as soon as my mom is off work, i'll give her a call and ask her exactly where it was that we lived.*++$++22
warning: some long background information ahead. questions are at the bottom.hey reddit, i have a few questions that i have been pondering for a while. recently, i rediscovered my calvin and hobbes collection and read through most of them. as i was reading, i reflected back on my own childhood and realized that it is very relatable to calvin's.i am 21 years old and most of my childhood memories are pleasant to say the least. everyday, i would go out to the woods in my backyard with my best friend and play around at the creek. we would go out there and just do all sorts of random shit that seemed so fun at the time. we explored the wilderness, tried to catch fish, and thew random objects into the water. we climbed trees, found beaver dams, and adventured all over the place. when we were sick of the outdoors, we would come back inside and play great video games like super smash 64, mario kart 64, or goldeneye. i have a pretty decent long term memory, and all of my memories of these events are very fond. these days, however, it seems like everything is different. the two video games i'm playing most right now are blacks ops and league of legends. these games are great, but the only reason i have fun is because of the leveling system. isn't that sad? the only reason i can stand to play these games is because i know it contributes to some arbitrary leveling system. if i'm playing on someone's elses account, i can't bring myself to try as hard and it is always not as fun. also, i went out to my backyard again just for shits and giggles. before, i could just run around and have a lot of fun doing random shit. now, it's just like "oh cool, i'm walking in the woods. . . . " there's nothing special or magical about it anymore. these days,it seems like drinking, partying, and eating are the only fun activities. so my questions are...is there some sort of overactive imagination only children have that we lose as we grow up? how was i able to have so much fun doing little insiginificant things as a child? how does our perception of fun change so drastically as we age? are memories always better in hindsight because we delete the bad ones? many years from now, when i'm 30 or 40, am i going to look back at my 20s with wonder and amazement as well? am i going to reminisce about the "good old days" when i was in my 20s and drinking and having funall the time?anyways, i would really appreciate it if any middle-aged people, psychologists, or brain experts could enlighten me. before i go though, i'd like to leave you with this:http://i.imgur.com/5ws4p.gif    **tldr:** i miss being a child sometimes :(++$++21
so, i'm 30 years old and i have a balding condition.  i really don't care that much, i'm really not self-conscience about the balding itself, i am just unsure how to embrace it gracefully. i really need a new way to style my shit.  i have tried short, long, medium, nothing looks right.  i have been to several barbers and stylists and asked opinions.  none have worked out great.  i have a long pointy head, which makes shaving bald not so pretty, and my hair grows above the center of my forehead only.  most styles that i have tried have left me looking like a cone head.  hit me up with some suggestions and guidance on how i should tell a stylists to cut this trainwreck. [pic 1](http://i.imgur.com/9tmrk.jpg)[pic2](http://i.imgur.com/wrsse.jpg)++$++30
and wow, what a trip!  i'm 21 years old, and i've played half-life 2 a million times over (including ep. 1 and 2), and because of the steam sale, i picked up half-life 1 including the expansions.  it took me a week of playing, but i finally beat it.  it's a great game, and i finally understand a little bit more of half-life 2 because of it!  the only problems i had with the game were the occasional bugs here and there, but i'm not holding it against it. :)now on to blue shift and opposing force!++$++21
i've never been much of a gamer (especially in oot's category) and i constantly get stuck at bosses. i'm so bad i'm still young link in my wii's save! currently i'm stuck at the mini-boss in jabu jabu's belly. i forget its name but it resembles a giant deku scrub. i heard the main boss is 1000000x harder. can someone give me some great combat tips, or a way to skip this annoying dungeon? i like being challenged, normally, but i just don't like this dungeon...at all++$++15
hi seddit, i'm new to this subreddit but i've been loving the material and fr's. i had a bit of a question regarding my own situation though.i go to uni and have the pleasure of being surrounded by cute girls everywhere i go. i like to think i'm very close to being a natural i just need to practice a bit more kino and getting rid of my slight aa when it comes to ridiculously cute girls. anyway, so i have four questions:1.) there is this cute girl i have a class with and we flirt pretty consistently. she throws me a ton of ioi's like randomly looking at me, hitting my arm playfully when i make a joke, leaning towards me when sitting, noticing small things that i do, and a few others. normally, i'd get her number and start asking her to hang out outside of class but as you can probably guess why i'm asking this, she has a 'boyfriend'. i say that with quotes because she never mentions him unless directly asked (by friends). i saw on her yearly planner 'x (i assume to be her bf) comes back this day' and made a small quip along the lines of 'that's not my name!'. she just chuckled but didn't clarify who it was.she's throwing me some solid ioi's but i'm a bit hesitant to keep flirting with her because she technically has someone. what do you guys think? is it worth it to try? i'm thinking i can continue to flirt with her and see where it goes but not invest myself into it.2.) like i said i go to uni and there are cute girls everywhere. i usually ask them to study with me if we have the same class but i've been thinking that this could be an attraction killer. studying is fucking boring and not a good way to get natural kino and all that in. should i be asking them to hang out with me on non-academic terms?3.) is it possible to tease too much? i had a thing with a girl last year and when i told her i wanted us to start seeing each other she said she had no idea i was even interested in her. stuff like i was always joking, i act the same to everyone, i'm hard to read. this leads to my next question...4.) how do i stop looking like the 'jokester'? i'm a fun guy to be around and i know how to have a good time but what would you guys recommend to me to stop being seen as just the "funny dude" and more of an object of attraction? i think my problem is related to my rejection anxiety and lack of kino. are there any tips on how to be more direct with women (not in a creepy way but one that lets them know i'm interested)? haha, thinking about it that's such a stupid question. guy asks how do you be direct with women? duh, by being direct.anyway thanks for reading this! i really appreciate the help. hopefully, this'll help some people with the same questions.++$++19
[http://i.imgur.com/rxapy.png](http://i.imgur.com/rxapy.png)++$++20
hey /r/nyc! i've mostly been a lurker on this subreddit until now. i'm 18 years old, and, as the title says, i'm moving to manhattan this saturday. it's both exciting and terrifying. i only know one person in the city so far. any advice on what i should do to help myself settle in and meet people? also, anyone know a place looking to hire someone to wait tables?++$++18
like 18 year old is riding their bike and someone asks you what the person who just rode past you looked like? when your describing them, do you say something call the rider a kid or a man?i'm 17 years old and i've been thinking about this quite often for several months now. i realized i'm not a kid anymore but i still don't know whether i should think of myself and my peers as kids or if i should think of them as adults. recently i've been saying students instead of kids.when i think of a kid, i think of someone who is optimistic and excited to learn about the world, such as a 5 year old. when this idea first came into my head, i thought that a 6th grader wasn't a kid anymore because they were old enough to know the basics and do simple tasks if they were to start working.since then its changed a lot. right now, i think someone is an adult when they enter high school (at ages 14-15). at that age, they have a basic understanding of how the world works, are probably starting to work and drive, probably started using drugs, probably has been in several relationships before and has had sex several times, and is able to take care of themselves if they wanted or had to.so when i hear someone sat college kid, it doesn't sound right to me. at that age they really aren't kids anymore. even more recently though, i've learned many adults in their 20s still think of themselves as kids though.so my question for you is, when did you stop thinking of yourself as a kid?++$++17
hey guys, first off; yes, this is a throwaway account. i've been lurking seddit for a couple days, and last night was my first night actually trying to get numbers.little history of me: i'm 21 years old, and work as a server at a fine dining restaurant. i'm not actually trying to fuck anyone, just trying to build more confidence and expand the ways i interact with people; in short, this is a huge science experiment.one of the hostesses i work with loves to seat me with girls. sometimes they're teenage girls (usually 7+ of them, typically birthday parties) and sometimes they're pumas, cougars, or a mix of both. i've never, before last night, actually purposely flirted with a puma to get their number. yes, i'll flirt with pretty much every girl, but it's moreso for the tips rather than anything. but last night i had 1 goal, and that was to get a girls number.the shift starts slow. i get a 3 top of parents and their kid, a 6 top with 3 couples, and a 2 top of a couple having a night out. then, i get two girls who are there just for dessert; girl on the left, a blonde, is about a 7. girl on the right, a brunette, is about the same. i greet them, and for the first half of the time they were there i didn't get any ioi's. however, when i came with their dessert, i decided to linger a little with eye contact and give a little smile to both. after that, everything changed. they started laughed and i noticed their postures completely changed. i brought them some extra dippers for their chocolate fondue, and joked with the blonde about scott pilgrim vs. the world. (she didn't see it, but said it looked terrible. i love this movie) i harassed her about it just a little bit, flirted a little more, and wrote on their check before i dropped it off to have a good night and see that movie. when i pick up the check after they leave, not only do i have a number, but i have both of their numbers; score?for a first night deciding to do this, i don't think i did too bad. considering whatever tables i get are luck of the draw. what're your thoughts seddit?++$++21
i would end up writing a novel, changing my mind, and then publishing it.++$++17
now, i know what some of you it admins are going to say - that i'm going to hate this job, it's nothing like what i think it is, it's the most underrated, most unappreciated job, the position becomes synonymous with a help desk, etc.still, it's the only thing that i can think of that seems remotely interesting to me when it comes to thinking about my career and my future. right now, i'm studying up on network+ and a+ certifications, but where can i go from here? are the mcsa/mcse (server 2003) certifications even worth getting anymore? what other certifications are there that might help?++$++19
...or at the very least accelerate the trend to twitter-like soundbites?i find myself writing shorter emails on my phone than my computer simply because it's more arduous to type without a full-sized keyboard.  when almost everyone is using tablets, i wonder if the internet is going to degenerate into simply another version of tv.++$++33
i'm 20 years old. about 5'9 and 145 pounds. i want to bulk up. i'm plenty skinny as of now. i want to do cardio as it will help with my cholesterol, but am worried it might counter the weight gain? am i over-analyzing this or should i just focus more on lifting, and less on cardio?++$++20
i *know* you guys read reddit.++$++17
i'm doing stronglifts 5x5 right now, and it'd be great to have an app to replace my printed spreadsheet.i need to plan my week's workout with the amount of weight i'm lifting (increases by 5 lbs every workout) and how many sets / reps i need to do for each lift. a great bonus would be to easily check off each set i do, so i don't have to remember how many i've done so far.what's your favorite app for this purpose?++$++24
i am 19 years old and 6' 3".  in january of 2010 i weighed 190 pounds. march of 2010 i weighed 200 pounds.  august of 2010 i weighed 225 pounds. november of 2010 i weighed 210 pounds. january of 2011 i weigh 215 pounds. i guess my follow up question is, what would be the best way to keep my weight steady?++$++19
perhaps this is an oversight on my part for not being more explicit, but my understanding was that a deposit helped both parties by reserving a spot on the trip for the individual and guaranteeing a spot would be filled for the booking party (me). what did they think the point of collecting a deposit was? we need to fill a certain number of trip spots in order to cover the costs, and we haven't reached that yet. so refunding spots is really not good for us. what would you do?++$++22
i've noticed that, as a right-handed person, i brush my hair and teeth starting on the right side and going over to the left. i examined this behavior, and (after a few creepy nights of watching my family members, who are all right-handed) determined that my small test group all started on the right, then moved to the left as i do. lefties: do you do the opposite? or is it just how you grow up and learn how to brush?++$++19
i am 24 years old, all i do is play pc games, and work. pretty boring...i want to take up a hobby and that hobby is piano. i have no idea where to start. does anyone have any advice? i have heard im supposed to use weighted keys...but thats all i know. i kno reddit is a good place (or could be a very bad place) to get advice. so i thought i would ask. how is the best way to start playing piano? and quickest way to pick it up? thanks for helping!++$++24
hey, i'm 21 years old and visiting dallas for a week (13th-20th). i won't have a car with me and i'll be staying at my dad's, near route30/route12. does anyone have tips on getting around and ideas for me to do while i'm there?i'm also really broke so activities that are free to cheap would be good.++$++21
such an amazing film. everything just felt so real. perfect display of the growth and decay of a relationship/marriage. depressing, but amazing. see it!++$++20
specifically around the atascocita/humble area near beltway 8.  i'm trying to get into shape, but i have no one to do it with, and i find myself slacking.  anyone willing to help or be friends?++$++21
"my favorite atom is bro-mine cus it's the chillest..."we graded homework as a class today and the kid's paper i graded said this several times.++$++17
so i was never great at relationships. i've dated a lot, but all of the girls didn't work out. a lot of them had serious problems like gambling, shopping, drinking/drugs, general craziness so these only lasted less than a month. i'm not sure why they all turned out like this, i'm a pretty tame guy. because of this i am 21 years old and i have never had an actual girlfriend. oh well, some of us aren't so lucky. then she, 22, asked me out on a date. we had a great time, and she actually had her head on straight. 2nd date, she tells me that in one month she is leaving the west coast to study abroad in england for 5 months. shit. the reason she asked me out was because she thought i was just some cute guy in class and she had nothing to lose if i said no.  over the course of the month, and against our better judgement, we rushed it. with her leaving, we had nothing to lose when telling each other our thoughts and feelings for one another and we were completely open to each other. turns out we were compatible as hell, and i have never felt this way towards a woman before. a week before she left i told her that if she wasn't leaving i would have wanted her to be my girlfriend. she said she would have loved to be my girlfriend. with the horrible timing, this was incredibly bittersweet. so she left last week. we've been e-mailing since, and i've been in a pretty good mood, but recently we've started video chatting over skype, something i'm new to. this is tearing me apart. i can see her, i can talk to her, but i can't be with her. it's like waving a carrot in front of my face, it makes me miss her so much more. part of me wants to just wait for her to come back, and part of me says that is way too long and that i should completely forget about her to get over her. we both know that long distance relationships don't work so we haven't been super cheesy over the cam (we talk as friends because we know that we are trying not to miss each other.). before she left she told me that i could date other women, but i don't know if i want to do that. i really want this girl to be with me, but at the same time, being apart from her this long is really hard. hell, she might come back and say she doesn't give a rat's ass about me and this whole waiting 5 months could be for nothing. so what should i do? i feel like i have three options:1) wait. don't date other women. miss her and feel like shit for 5 months. maybe it will work out, maybe it wont.2) try dating secretly, but be really waiting for her and be willing to dump the temp on a dime. shallow, deceptive, and assholish towards both of girls, i know.3) completely stop talking to her, get over her, find a new girl, forget she ever existed.sidenotes: she says she wont even think about dating some guy over the pond. i'm also not worried about her having sex some random guy because i am the only person she has had sex with outside of a relationship, something she only did with me because we were pseudo bf/gf. i know you're all going to say "if she did it once, she'll do it again and you fell for each other really fast," but she is one of the most honest and sincere women i have known so i do trust her. plus she says the accents are an extreme turn off.tl;dr: get a semi-girlfriend, she has to leave the country for 5 months, i don't know what to do. oh yeah i started going to the gym again too.++$++21
hi loseit! first time poster long time lurker. quick stats: i'm 23 years old 5'5 and 178 pounds. i've put on about 40lbs over the past 3.5 years. a lot of my weight is around my midsection (possibly pcos related). it's a brand new year and i've made a lot of changes in my life. i graduate with my undergraduate degree on june 3rd and my father is taking me on a trip to guatemala to celebrate. i'd like to lose around 40 lbs by that time and look fabulous!right now i'm just focusing on eating healthier and in smaller portions throughout the day. i'm definitely considering doing a low carb/high protein diet. i went to the gym today for the first time in a long time and i have a quick question. i was on the elliptical and it kept telling me my heart rate was too fast (it wanted me to stick to 158 but i always hovered in the high 160s/low 170s) but i personally felt that i wasn't pushing myself that hard. i was sweating but i never got to the point where i was out of breath or had any sort of pain anywhere. should i stick to what the machine is telling me or can i take some initiative?any other tips and suggestions would be great! i'll definitely keep you posted and i'll post some before/after pictures when i start seeing some results :d keep up the good fight!++$++23
sorry if this seems obvious, but i couldn't find anything on his website:when doing the 5x5 sets, do i immediately start out at the max weight i can do for five reps? shouldn't there be some kind of a warm up to that weight or am i missing something? i feel like if i jumped straight into my max squat weight i would pull a muscle.++$++20
i am 23 years old and about to finish an art degree. i've been a musician since i was 11, but never felt the need to become a music major. so somehow i talked myself into becoming an art major. my talents aren't out of this world, but i definitely don't suck.www.aaronartrip.blogspot.comrecently, i have been getting back into music and am starting to have a quarter life crisis.im really just more concerned about the amount of debt that i have accumulated (under 24k so its not horrible). anybody else been in this situation where you all of the sudden start thinking back about decisions you made and get freaked the fuck out?please share, don't be a dick.++$++23
hey, i have been interested in knitting and crocheting for a while now, and i was wondering how i can get started...i am 15 years old, and don't have allowance, but my mom is willing to buy me the very basics (yay!). my first question would be: what are the basics!? what is everything that i need, and everything i will need?second, what are some good websites or books to learn from; websites are better, cause they are free :pthird, what are some good first projects? how did you learn?and any tips and advice would be awesome as well!thanks in advance &lt;3++$++15
we have a rather crappy dryer that is old and makes a lot of noise.  when our old (quiet!) one broke this is what our lovely landlord replaced it with.  today i go to take out my laundry and i notice i'm missing the two pairs of "delicate" underwear i put in there.  i just bought them yesterday so i was washing them (haven't even gotten a chance to wear them).  i go back to the dryer and what i see is one of my bras stuck in the back of the dryer somehow, wedged between the drum and whatever else part.  this frustrates me the most, as i can't buy cheap bras and this one i've only had a month.  finally dislodge it (it's covered in grease and has holes torn in it now so obviously ruined), and manage to wedge my hand in between this space- and find one of the pairs of underwear and a sock.  now, i know the other pair of panties has to be in that freaking dryer as well... and i tried for a half hour but can't manage to get them out. is there anything i can do, short of taking apart this damned dryer?   i'm convinced now that there are more misc. small clothes in there causing issues (or, even if they are not causing issues, i'd sure like to have them back!).   part of me is shocked because i never thought the dryer could actually steal my clothes.  "oh, the dryer steals one sock" is **supposed** to be a joke!any advice- or hell, other clothes-eating dryer stories- would be appreciated.++$++21
**if you don't feel like reading the long-ish back-story then skip to the stories in the comments.**i recently graduated from altos de chavn school of design in dominican republic last year. i spent the 2 most interesting years of my life there. the small school (125 students) is hidden inside a very popular tourist site in la romana, dominican republic, if any of you have ever taken a trip down to the dr, you may have heard of it or even visited chavn. the school was built in the 80's by an italian architect to resemble a 17th century italian village. [here's an aerial view of the plateau it's built on.](http://i.imgur.com/zghrw.jpg) it's common knowledge down on the island that chavn was built on the remains of taino villages (sickeningly stereotypical kind of place for paranormal activity, i know), there's even a museum in the center of the grounds that displays the artifacts and several skeletons of natives that were discovered in and around the area while the place was being constructed. it's also common knowledge to the students and staff that chavn is a hotbed for paranormal activity.anyways, on to the interesting parts. i've got a couple things to share, so i'll probably be writing some down in the comments later tonight or right after i finish writing this one.the first thing i wanna share doesn't even have to do with the history behind chavn (at least i don't think so), but more with a well covered up event that happened a couple years prior to my enrollment at the school. unlike living here in the states, it's very easy for things to be covered up from the media, especially in a place like chavn run by filthy rich people with quite a bit of influence. there had always been rumors about a few suicides that happened in the school within the last few years. it wasn't till my second and last year studying there that the rumors were confirmed. the residence we lived in always had a supervisor (sorry if thats not the right word for it, i'm using the direct translation of the word). the lady was in charge of keeping order and also being the resident nurse. anyways, the current librarian used to be the old supervisor a few years back, she was a really quiet lady and usually kept to herself. after spending a lot of time in the library researching for projects i decided to ask her if the suicide rumors were true, she told me they were, and that it really pained her to remember those days. i apologized for bringing it up, and went to go ask one of my teachers about it, she was younger and we had become good friends during my time at the school. she told me the same that the librarian did, and in more detail. apparently one suicide had been a girl, a really quiet, depressed girl who had come to the school from the states. she apparently hung herself from the support beams of the wooden ceiling of her room. the second suicide was a guy, who turns out lived in room #8, which was my room. he went up to the third floor and jumped head first onto the stones in front of what was my room. [here's a visual aid.](http://i.imgur.com/wlf5o.jpg)**-continued in the comments-** *many of my friends also have stories of experiences that happened to them in that school, i'll be sharing those in the comments, along with other experiences of mine while in chavn.*++$++22
lately the time to get into a public match has pissed me off. i've been playing more combat training lately and i'm looking to spice things up. i tried knife only with no killstreak rewards except spy plane and i did pretty good. on recruit, usually a 5+ ratio. regular about 2 or 3. but i'm looking for ideas from you guys.++$++15
i need to go try to find a small square piece of glass for my geology class-my teacher said it's for testing minerals, but i don't know how exactly to describe it to the people at home depot. is there a name for the square piece of glass? i believe it's only about 1 inch by 1inch.++$++20
i'm 21 years old and my mom still does this.  she gets me my favorite candy, and naturally i ration it so that the goodness lasts longer.  then after a while, i go to find my stash and it's all gone.  i ask my mom and she gets this devilish grin on her face and says "oh, i thought you didn't like it since it wasn't all eaten.  the statute of limitations has passed, so it's fair game now."this happens every holiday, every year since i was like 5.  don't even get me started on halloween candy...++$++21
long story short, i am 26 years old and in a career i not longer enjoy and i already have a bachelors and masters degree.  i have some programming and scripting experience, basic html, intermediate kml, and i am pretty decent at python.  i have always been interested in web development and for fun i screw around in mvc's like web2py (since i know some python).  i find myself enjoying sitting in front of my computer bashing away at my keyboard figuring out how to make simple web apps, like an image uploader/database, which has turned into wanting to become a web developer.  i ask all you web devs out there what would be the best way to change careers and get into web development?  do i need to go back to school and get another degree?  if so will a certificate or associates suffice, or will i need to get a bachelors?  do employers care about whether or not the degree was done online or in class?  any advice is greatly appreciated!++$++26
hi askreddit,this is a throwaway.i'm 25 years old and have a decent job in it. i earn  2400/month + 250 expense money + 6-monthly bonus of around ~2000. this is all before taxes. i also have a lease car. i live in belgium. i still live at home and have no other costs. i know for the us people this doesn't sound like alot, but europe is very different in this aspect.in long term; i would like to work as little as possible while still maintaining a good lifestyle. i feel that to start on this path i should make some changes.now my questions. -  i have some decent money, about 35.000 so far, but it's just sitting there. i feel like i should do something with it like invest, buy stock, housemarket, ...i also have looked into forex and poker :). what are the best options to look into to have my money growing while sleeping?- i am earning good but paying alot to taxes. from the 2400 i earn monthly i only get to keep 1.400. (plus 250 expense is 1650). i think i am missing out on some money by paying so much to taxes, i believe there are different ways to avoid taxes. such as being independent, or doing pension-saving etc. what are the best options in this respect?i'm hoping somebody can enlighten me here! thanks in advance.++$++25
or why this happens? it's like you don't even notice them if they are just standing there but if they stare at you, you automatically know they are there.++$++17
i'm an independant++$++17
so this is kind of embarrassing so i made a throwaway account. basically my balls hurt slightly. i'm 21 years old and quite healthy and fit. i eat fairly well and am not prone to diseases. i've only had sex with 2 girls both of which did not have stds. however, recently i was masturbating quite regular. at least once everyday. sometimes twice. i'm pretty worried. anybody got any clues? can you i masturbate too much?also i have checked for lumps etc and all is clear. and they aren't over sensitive to touch. and it doesn't burn when i pee++$++21
dear reader i'm tired of the red vs. blue game. atheists vs. christians. dem. vs. rep. (neo-cons vs. the educated) i would honestly like to know if anyone out there feels that there is just as much "evil" on one side of the coin as the other. is anyone aware that, no matter which banner you're holding, you are still human and have just as much desire as your enemy, to make the world a better place? when i look at my surroundings all i see is an arbitrary war between brothers that boils down to a lack of tolerance and love.p.s. i'm 22 years old.++$++22
here is my story. i am 18 years old, male, fat, average looking, straight, never had a relationship(not even kissed a girl...), i go to college, geeky, smart?, and i guess i am somewhat funny.  i don't really know why i am posting here. i know you guys can't really help me, all you can really do is give me some kind words or advice. maybe thats what i'm looking for? idk..i grew up in a "fat" family. i don't really know where most of my problems come from, but i'm guessing a majority stem from me being obese. i wasn't really a very social kid all the way form elementary school through high school. like my first party i attended was just a few weeks ago. i was the fattest kid in school every time i went to a different school. i was always known for that. because of the combination of people making fun of me for being fat and being a bit anti-social i started to favor computer games over real human interaction. i played a lot of video games in high school. i guess that is why my grades weren't too good and was only accepted into 1 of my many college choices by luck.i saw college as an opportunity to change and actually make friends. it worked out. made some friends and even one i could probably consider my best friend. but this wasn't enough. i needed someone i could talk to someone i could bond with. i needed a relationship. every time i tried to ask a girl out it always ended with "you're not my type" or "i don't ever really see us dating in the near future" bs like that...i knew though that it was because i was fat though. i'm not looking for someone too makeout with or fuck, i just want someone i can talk to and trust.p.s. just came back from a party so i'm sorry if i don't make any sense. oh and for the record i this isn't about me committing suicide(couldn't do that to my mom). i just wanted to get this off my chest.++$++18
i've injured myself many times in the past just because i was curious of how it would feel.i've flipped over bikes onto gravel, slammed my hand down on a stove, hit my thumb with a hammer, etc. all because i wanted to know what it felt like. in one of my darker spots of my depression, i was in 7th grade and started cutting. i realized that it gave me a little shock every time i would cut, especially on my palm and fingers. i soon became curious in cutting in different places on my fingers just to see how each shock felt.do i regret all of these? of course, the shock from these felt good for only like a second. a week in pain sucks. but it felt like a real version of curiosity killed the cat?++$++17
i am 20 years old and living in the us. i attend college. i met my best friend in class, she's about to turn 19. initially i asked her out, but she said no and told me we could be friends. i figured it would be fine and see where things went, friends or not.then i fell for her. hard.i am completely in love with this girl. she drives me crazy. i want to be everything to her. but i can't - she doesn't love me back. she dumped her current boyfriend because he was doing some dumb shit, and then she hooked up with her first boyfriend, who she believed she was totally in love with but could never be with. today, she started chatting with some other guy - she likes him a lot, too. it hurts to be around it, to know it's going on, to know she doesn't love me the way i love her. but she's my best friend, and i don't know what to do.++$++20
as an american that was traveling and visiting the great city of toronto i missed an exit.. and found myself on the 407. didn't realize i was on it until now (2 months later) when i received a $12 bill for 25km of travel! they really should put up some signs warning about how hard you are about to be bent over.. thanks guys, glad i could keep your highways beautiful!++$++20
http://www.reddit.com/r/ama/comments/eyr8a/by_request_i_was_involved_in_child_pornography_as/++$++16
i am turning 18 soon, and i am very interested in the world of firearms.  i like the sport of it, the challenges and rewards and the culture.  i would really like to purchase my own gun soon that i can be proud of and call my own.  at some point, i would like to own both a rifle and a handgun.  i don't know where to start searching for the right ones though.  i want to have a handgun that i can proudly say is my own.  i think i want it to be a six shooter, because i am super interested in how they work.  i've been drooling over the colt saa guns, but those are a bit expensive, but maybe if i save up. hmph.  so could you guys give me recommendations on a good, reliable six shooter to go firing with, and eventually carry?++$++17
it would be a good help for you reddittors to help me out . thanksi am 15 years old , my boyfriend is 18 years old , we both go to the same high school  and  hes popular in my school . we started out as friends around my birthday and i never thought  i would end up as his girlfriend . we would always chill in the park and have a good time  . he used to tell me that you shouldnt let people tell you what to do or listen to them , and that lifes not easy .  he thought he was helping . we would always help each other . 3 months later we became best friends than after a couple. we started spending time with each other a lot . he would always want to chill every day and he would complain if i hang out with my friends . he gets jealous quick and i dont like that . when i started going to my cousins house and sleeping over her house . he would tell me not to go out at night and that i cant hang out with my guy friends . he would say i betrayed him because i lied about going outside or something.he yells at me like hes my dad and not even my dad does it . one day, he got drunk in my family party , my guy cousin hugged me ,and my boyfriend tried to hit my cousin out of jealously but instead hit me . he swore he would never hit me and he did it by mistake . ever since school started we havent been hanging out like we used to . we started to get distant as days passed by . we would wake up mad early for school just to hangout in school and eat breakfast together just to spend time with each other . my parents are strict so i rarely get to go out . my boyfriend expects me to find ways to hang out  , and he says there are always ways for anything . we basically argue almost everyday . he argues in front of people and just embarrasses me because everybody staring and he makes a scene . he would always want to know every business of mine . he gets mad if i lie about little things and he would always want to kiss  even in front of his parents , thats disrespectful . he has anger issues and he fights a lot but he stopped doing it cause of me . we have been going out for almost a year .   he says he loves me and i do to but he says he doesnt want to let go of  me but something tells me that he does but doesnt .  he complains to me that he is tired of it . but nothing really happens . i dont see this relationship going anywhere . he wants us to last and get married one day but im too young i wouldn't even be thinking about my future right i would love to enjoy my childhood but i cant sort of because of him . i always cry and be sad because i dont know what to do with him . he puts me in a position thats too much for me . i dont want to be the heart breaker i always tend to be the one and i hate it . i love him but he expects to much from me . he asked me if i would do anything for him . i am always usually home with my brothers while he complains to me about hanging out but why does he put up with it ?  he says its because he  loves me .when we were on the phone on day i was going to hang up because i  was busy and he threatened me , said dont hang up if you do ill break up with you ! . i was kind of scared of him . right now im sick at the moment i sometimes wonder how life would be if i were to take a different path .he doesn't trust me well he says he does .  i need your help reddit .my relationship is going downhill.  what would you do in my position ?++$++15
wow. they were showing the vigil and cut to commercial just as he said those words. fuckers.++$++20
here are some things that i both am and love in people i date:1. twink (i hate this term, but it's the only way i know to describe it)2. short3. outgoing4. actor/theatre enthusiast5. clean shaven6. skinny7. plays instruments and sings (piano especially, i find it so hot when a guy is great at piano. i myself have played 12 years)8. dances/loves dance9. reads for fun! (very important)10. enjoys intellectual discussions (from existentialism and kierkegaard to world politics)11. fashionable (at least i like to think i'm fashionable, haha)the list goes on a lot more, but i can only think of a couple things i am attracted to that i personally am not like.1. i love it when boys wear shorts, i never do.2. i like boys with small noses, mine is huge.and that's literally it that i can think of. is anyone else similar in that they are attracted to those who are very similar to themselves both in looks and in personality?p.s. i understand that it sounds like i have very exact standards by that list, but those are just all the qualities i love. there are many more and it's not like someone needs all of those. i've been attracted to people who were almost none of those, but 95% of the time it's people who have most of those traits.edit: to clarify, i mean same body type/style, not actually looking like me. and i don't want the same exact personality or anything, that'd just be annoying.**another clarification: i am not attracted to them because they are similar to me, i've just recently noticed that most of the boys i've been attracted to look similar and act similarly to me.**++$++16
i mean, you've had almost everything go your way. you got the job you wanted, you got the girl or guy you wanted, you had tons of really good friends, got to do everything you wanted to, etc. basically, have you lived life with no regrets?for me, i missed out on my entire childhood and it will definitely be the biggest regret of my life.++$++17
thanks in advance.++$++16
perhaps this is just to rant, because i feel i can't tell anyone of my frustrations.i'm 33 years old. from age 25 till age 30 i didn't have a boyfriend because i had a bad relationship before that and felt inadequate. also because i felt unattractive. i fell in love with "bespoken" guys now and then. nice and safe, nothing ever happened. i didn't have sex for years and it was kind of ok....and then... i found him. he loves me, he's sweet, he takes care of me (sometimes, it's not like i need his help all the time), we have fun, we live together, i want him to stay in my life.however, he had a depression last year and is taking medication for it. in the meantime, i gained weight, and a lot: 30 kilos. it's because of stress at work, and it's another problem that i'm not discussing now, but of course it makes me less attractive.his sex drive has plummeted to zero. we cuddle a lot, but sex happens like once a month or less. i'm using the pill to prevent pregnancy, but recently it feels very ironic that i have to take that pill every day when sex is so sparse.of course i can amuse myself, but i miss the satisfied tired feeling after sex, and the feeling of being special for him. i have no idea anymore on how to spontaneously initiate sex, or actually i often think i'm initiating it, until he says: "na, i don't feel like it". and then we stop.i am resolved to loose weight and hope that that helps a bit. also, i know that his medication is part of the cause and i definitely don't want him to be depressed again, so it depends on when his doc thinks it's safe for him to gradually decrease the amount of medication...he's not very receptive, says : yeah, i just don't feel like it, what can i do?  and he won't see a doctor for this.any tips, advice, condolances? thanks...i know there are worse problems in this world, but this was my rant...++$++33
http://pep.si/ft6io6i was wondering if you guys know how to get professors involved too. in one of my classes, my professors gave +2 points on the final grade to all students if 85% of the students filled out the idea forms, which was a great incentive for students to actually do it. i want to approach professors and have them give students incentives--if we make the top 2, then in their classes, they get extra credit or something. have any of you approached professors for this sorta thing? how do you think these professors would respond?++$++21
i've had depression since about the age of 7 and i recently just turned 17. about a year ago, i had started to become a perfectionist about school. this eventually led to anxiety, which made my depression even worse. my depression was bad enough already because i had constant suicidal thoughts and very rarely would i make it through the day without crying. the anxiety gave me full blown panic attacks and made me afraid to even be in the same building as other people. near the start of this school year, it was so bad that i planned on killing myself and i didn't want to even wait to get home first. i was about to kill myself right at school before my school counselor talked me out of it. i ended up talking to her about all the things in my life that had been bothering me, which i had never told anyone before. i was glad to get that off my chest for about a week until i started to think about my life. i realized that i had missed out on pretty much my entire childhood. i'm pretty much an adult now and i missed out on so much. every year i kept wishing my life would be better the next year and that i could have a normal childhood but that never happened. so now what? i gave up on my dreams and goals when i was so long ago and basically just did whatever people told me to. i just don't know where to go from here.++$++17
everyday for about the past year and a half, i've been suffering from these intrusive thoughts of inflicting harm upon myself. now i'm not suicidal by any means, but i get these sort of masochist vibes to just do something totally stupid for no apparent reason. like i want to know what'll happen.for instance, the other day i was sitting in my living room and i noticed the marble table top that separates from the rest of the table. i just couldn't get it out of my mind how badly it would hurt if i were to just grab the top and just drop it on my head.this also affects my school life as well, as there would be numerous times when i'll be writing with a pen or pencil and i can't shake the thought of sticking the sharp, pointy end into my eye.even this morning i had to resist the urge to jump underneath a moving vehicle because i couldn't shake the thought of what a tire running over a head would feel like.obviously, i've never actually done any of these things, but i fear that my power over my own irrational urges may deteriorate overtime and my senses may become desensitized to the actual harm any of these actions would cause.the thing is, i don't want to die. i'm not suicidal at all. and i know this because i've been through a suicidal phase about 7 years ago and i've thankfully gotten over it after about a year. but this thing is something different entirely.my research over the web has led me to conclude that i have ocd. on top of that, i should add that i have panic disorder and extreme anxiety, and that the anxiety really hits me hard during those times where i came close to doing something stupid that could've killed me.++$++23
i'm a freshman at pitt, just wanna meet and talk to some fellow redditors in the area. shoot me a pm or just comment here!++$++18
well, i am a bit anxious and embarrassed about posting here, truth be told. i commented on another user's thread about the general state of the world, and several redditor's suggested that i start a post here, so i figured it would be worth a shot, and chose to disregard those with cynical or downright hateful things to say about my situation. i am going to keep the story and explanations brief, i would be happy to provide full explanations and as much proof of my situation as i am able to, if necessary, with the limited means that i have (no scanner, limited computer skills, etc). pm me with questions/requests or whatever if you want or need to.to make a very long story short, i'm a single mom and abuse survivor struggling to make ends meet (which up until recently i was doing a pretty good job with, not to pat myself on the back too much or anything...) the kids and i moved in november, to be closer to family and friends who have been repeatedly suggesting that we should, for various different reasons. since the beginning of the moving process, it seems as though a domino-effect of one bad thing after another was somehow set in motion. my "help" moving left me stranded to do it all by myself, and ultimately cost me $800 in late fees and such that i now owe to the bank, who went ahead and paid the truck rental company. roughly 3 days after the move was done, my only car's motor seized up on me out of the blue. (i'm not a total idiot when it comes to cars and there was no warning until right before it died) i had to pay $85 to have it towed to find out that i'm looking at $2200+ in repairs, and now they want it off their lot and i don't have any means to have it towed again. shortly after that, the washer and dryer crapped out on me, so now i am stranded with no way to get basic groceries or anything **and** no way to wash any of our clothes. awesome. the kids had basically no christmas this year, which i am not *that* upset about, but it was just one more bad thing to add to the list. our landlord's maintenance man screwed up our plumbing somehow, so the water bill is $260 and some change this month, and now the landlord is threatening to have it shut off on weds. this is just the tip of the iceberg of all my family and i's issues right now, but like i said... trying to keep it short and to the point. i would also **really** like to be able to get back to college, so i can get my doctorate before i am 95 years old and forgetting what my major was in the first place.i applied for a car on freecharitycars.org, and although that is going pretty well, the wait times for cars can be several years, so i am not holding my breath on any miracles there. i have no access to buses out here where i moved, and there is nothing within walking distance, especially with 2 year old twins who have health issues that make the cold unsafe for them if they are exposed to it for more than a few minutes. i *might* qualify for minimal public assistance, but i have no way to get there to find out. if i do, it's not much, but every little bit helps. i put up a wish on wish upon a hero, and i have had no luck there. family and friends are a wash (it's all i can do to get a ride to the store or someone to drop off milk and diapers once every few weeks). i posted an ad on craigslist asking if anyone would sell me a car on payments and got accused of e-begging and called lots of various things, none of which were nice (which is partly why i am/was hesitant to post here). i'm at my wits end... not eating or sleeping... hanging onto a tiny shred of hope with the nubs of my badly chewed fingernails. i guess this is one of those last-ditch "what can it hurt" types of things because i've tried everything else and it hasn't worked.any help at this point would be amazing. even if it's a few people sending $1 through paypal to help towards the cost of some of this stuff.the plan right now is to get the washer and dryer taken care of asap so the kids and i can have clean clothes and then start saving towards car repairs or replacement once the smaller of the two biggest expenses is taken care of (which will also save money in the long term as i will not be paying for someone to haul me to the laundromat to spend an arm and a leg washing clothes). so... i really hate to ask, but i feel like i don't have much of a choice but to set aside my pride and flat out beg at this point. every little bit is genuinely helpful. if anyone is willing to help us out with gift cards for food, donations towards the cost of some of the massive amount of debt/need we have right now, even just emotional support would be wonderful, because i am seriously losing hope and faith that things will fall into place or i can make them work out somehow like i have done before when times were tough.we're in the fort wayne, indiana area, if anyone knows of any super secret resources in the area or may be willing to help out somehow...(?)my charity cars link is: http://tinyurl.com/33j52oj (i get half a vote for everyone who clicks it, so even clicking this link would help me out!!!)my wish upon a hero wish is at: http://wishuponahero.com/wishes/?id=825037 (they require "certification" of who you are and also do an ip check to verify that you only have 1 account on the site, if that helps ease anyone's mind about me being some sort of scammer or whatever)++$++95
hey everyone, long-time star wars fan here.i've seen all of the movies at least 10 times each, and as of recent, i've been watching them all again.  i've read some into the expanded universe (books and such), and i spend some free time reading wookiepedia when i get bored.  one thing i have noticed, though, is that it seems that the past always repeats itself.i feel like i see at least 3 or 4 empires, and i wonder, have they not learned from their mistakes? the more i read into the past (old republic, for example), everything seems to get muddled and i get confused.  even in one of the cinematic trailers for knights of the old republic, it looked like clone troopers fighting droids from ep. 1-3 era (destroyer droids, specifically).  what's going on here? d:++$++21
more:http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v191/dubaivol/politics/imagesqtbnand9gcsgv377qotex_kavws7skesopxt0hn44kgvqp04p4lbk8udj94dpg.jpghttp://img.photobucket.com/albums/v191/dubaivol/politics/3911765182_43de57b45f.jpghttp://img.photobucket.com/albums/v191/dubaivol/politics/4448018629_56d56b2f90.jpghttp://img.photobucket.com/albums/v191/dubaivol/politics/obama20miki20booth20stitch.jpg++$++50
i use gchat usually: hoshkwon@gmail.com or you can add me on facebook and we can chat (josh kwon, university of pittsburgh), i'm just bored and i wanna talk to some people, lemme know!++$++18
i love kurt vonnegut. i own all of his books and he is my absolute favorite author. i'm looking for writers similar to him or maybe simply books that are similar to kurt vonnegut books. he's got a crazy imagination.++$++18
**the backstory:** i am bigender, physically male, and i call myself "gay" to make it simple on people who ask me. i am 19 years old. i recently broke up with my boyfriend (age 21), travis, a little over a week ago online (he was at his home in kentucky at the time; i'm in massachusetts). he's an extremely emotional person, so i was quite surprised at his "oh. okay."-style reaction. i didn't see him for a week following that, since he was out visiting a friend (one of the reasons i broke up with him: i knew he was going to have sex with this person, i gave permission, but i still wasn't comfortable with it. i had no real way to say "no" -- i'd had sex with other people while in the relationship as well [again, with permission]). i talked to him a little online while he was there, and i really got the feeling that he wished i would just stop.originally, he was going to college up here. this is the reason he is in my house right now; he's staying here until the semester starts. *however*, it turns out he's not going to school next semester and is only here because he wants to visit another friend who lives nearby, and to get his car and move everything out of his dorm. basically, he's living in my house for everything around me but me.i thought i was over him (since i was the dumper, not the dumpee)... but i can't even stand in the same room as him without tearing up. i know i still love him, i still love all of my exes, but i can't even show the slightest bit of affection without him getting frustrated at me. (note: i cope with stress with affection. the juxtaposition sucks. i know.)it's obvious he needs space. i figured that out. but how can i handle living in the same house as him for the next week, until he moves back (to kentucky)? while i'm at work all i can think about is going home and seeing him in my living room. it's negatively impacting my work, and my supervisors are noticing.any advice for getting through the week?----**tl;dr:** i broke up with him and thought i could handle seeing him in person. i can't, and i'm stuck with him until the end of the week.++$++19
i'm 19 years old and i go to a university that's a little over 5 miles from where i live in london.to save money im considering taking my bmx to uni, instead of public transport, as it's about the same time, but for free. but is it wise?it does make me feel a fool when someone cycles by on their much more adequate bike, and end up going at about triple my speed. but i cant really afford that!is a bmx unsuitable for long distances? i've taken mine out on a 25 mile bike ride about 2/3 times now, and i find it's alright, but perhaps a little unnecessarily strenuous.++$++19
i have no knowledge of the program and would like to learn how to use it.++$++21
whenever i see hear or see about that stuff, i get creeped out and feel sad. i've never understood why people are so interested in this stuff.++$++17
some background.i'm 24 years old, i've been actively trading and following/involved in finance for the past 8 years. i graduated top in my class and decided work was best suited for me.  i currently work as an analyst/trader for a boutique firm in ca. in the past to years my returns have been very healthy to say the least. my current employer has agreed to help me start my own fund with another colleague of mine. he can provide an insurmountably amount of help however, i would like to do this on my own to feel a greater sense of accomplishment. although, i am some what apprehensive as this my be my only chance i have to succeed on my own. i do not plan on marketing or raising capital for the fund until we have a proven track record. the initial capital we will have on hand to work with will be 250k. i would prefer to stay rather conservative, as with such a small amount of capital there will be little room for error. our initial strategy will be an allocation split four ways, no leverage in the beginning; but with the possibility to lever up at some point. the four splits we are entertaining are municipal bonds, long emerging markets, euro-zone, and liquid strategies. after 6-18mo of a proven gains we will begin to actively market the fund to those closest. the initial capital is coming from someone very close to me. they do not wish to receive any returns from their investment, but instead seek limited ownership in the fund (10-20%). what are you feelings towards this? any input and advice is greatly appreciated.++$++24
hi loseit!i think i scoured the faq fairly well and didn't see what i was looking for, but feel free to slap me with a "read the faq, dummy!" if i missed it.i'm a 24 year old female, ex-gymnast, who (like most do) quit at 17 and went soft - quick. so although at 5'3 and 115 pounds i am not considered to be overweight, i am, how you say, "mushy." mushy and pear shaped.blah blah, new years resolutions blah blah, i want to get back into shape this year. i'm a freelance writer/blogger by profession, so i sit around, a lot. by the time my workout it ends up being something like, i run about half an hour and then make feeble attempts at weight lifting. this has to change! on to my question: my main areas of concern as i previously stated are my abs and butt, and while i know spot-reducing isn't a thing, i do wonder if it's pointless/more harmful to do the same exercises over and over. like, if i want to do 100 squats every day, can i? or should i do them one day, abs another, arms and legs another, etc?also, perusing this subreddit and /r/fitness seems to show that a lot of you all are pro-low carb. carbs are my vice. give me a can of pringles and i will eat the entire thing in one sitting. would you recommend going low-carb for weight loss?++$++24
http://www.geekhats.com/wp-content/gallery/29/new-era-59fifty-fitted-baseball-cap-flawless-black.jpgwhy don't they take them off?++$++20
i'm 15 years old and my boyfriend is 18 years old , i am a female . we've been dating for at least a year . for the past months , he has been a jerk to me , telling me what to do or not to do . not letting me hangout with my friends . he would complain because of my white lies , and that we rarely hangout .he had caused me pain , sadness , takes advantage of my kindness. today my boyfriend told me he is going to change but slowly through out the days that pass by . should i give him a chance ? i love him so dearly and he does to but i feel as though this relationship i have is going to end soon . what should i do ? what would you do ? i don't want to go talk to an adult about it. i'm not really close to any .++$++15
huff post, i know.++$++20
ostomy bags... (strange offer i know but i am hoping someone can use them)these are all brand new, in the box, (bags/pouches for someone with an "ostomy"opening such as a colostomy bag) and i have at least one good sized box full ofthem. the people who used to live here left them behind, and i would much rathersee them go to someone who will use them than see them get pitched in the trash.not sure if these have any creative uses like crafts or some kind of storage orsomething... just want them to get used for something other than filler in adump somewhere. if there is someone out there who knows ofa nursing home, hospice, or other care facility that could use these, who iswilling to pick up and drop them off (in indiana) or help with shipping or whatever, that would also be great as we arecompletely without transportation of any kind at this time.**update:** these are pending pick up to a local lady that i found on freecycle for her father. i hope they are able to come get them and get some use out of them.++$++95
title says it all. comment here or pm me for ip?++$++18
'in one video titled jonas brother live on stage, a user posted a comment saying: "i'm 12 years old and what is this?"'[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8061979.stm!](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8061979.stm)++$++12
i'm a college a student on your typical college schedule. probably go to bed a bit later than i should, and that means i'm always hovering around 6 hours of sleep a night (excluding weekends). it's not ideal, but it doesn't seem like it should be responsible for my inability to wake up feeling refreshed.the thing is, eventually i do feel fine. in the later afternoon, i'm wide awake and ready to go. but i never wake up feeling refreshed, and it takes me almost have the day to shake that feeling. by the time i'm supposed to go to bed (11 pm or so), i'm wide awake and that's the last thing i feel like doing. is my sleep schedule just out of whack?++$++22
i'm 28 years old now and have known i was transgendered to some extent since i was in my early teens.  i don't have any kids, relationships, or baggage to worry about, and i know that right now i'd definitely like to start transitioning.  my concern is in another 15+ years, i won't feel the same way (no longer care about being female potentially).  i think a large part of my enjoyment in being a female is i actually look pretty good... with age that will change though.  so that's my dilemma.  i'd appreciate hearing anyone who has dealt with similar anxieties or scenarios.  any advice would be welcome too.++$++28
i've been granting "wishes" on wish upon a hero and sending families who want/need them our extra box tops and coke codes, things of that nature. i went through all the current wishes and still have some left over, so i thought i would offer them here. if anyone out there wants or needs some box tops for education, i have some left over and would be happy to mail a handful of them out to you if you'd like to pm me your address.++$++95
i'm 22 years old and i'm in the hospital for 2 days and 2 nights.  i have my phone, computer, and dvd's but other than that nothing really.  give me some ideas of what to do.++$++22
i feel like a kid again.  2nd snow day in a row and i don't have to be in the office.  already played 2 hours of black ops, now i'm sitting in my robe and watching a movie.  being from new york i don't consider 3 inches of snow reason enough to shut down the entire city but i won't complain.anyone else enjoying a couple unexpected days off?++$++25
hey trees any of ya'll from lake jackson wanna trade info and maybe smoke out? i moved here recently so i don't have any suppliers.++$++16
i've grown up listening to music and it holds a special place in my life. i don't think i'd survive without it. my life has a soundtrack...here are some of the albums that i will always love:1. toxicity - system of a down. i must've been 12 or 13 when i first heard this album and i listened to it nonstop. it reminds me of staying up late with my buddies and rocking out. the titular track particularly stands out, since it was my friend's favorite song.2. reconstruction site - the weakerthans. at around 14 or 15 i got into punk, thanks to my friend. i found the weakerthans on a punk-o-rama cd and fell in love. i've listened to this album more times than i can count, and years later without hearing it i still know almost every word to every song. great stories woven into great tunes.3. nirvana - nevermind. i just hit the double digits when the 90's were over, but i still remember many of the iconic songs of the decade. nirvana will always represent the 90's to me.4. manipulator - fall of troy. my best friend introduced me to fall of troy as we cruised around in his car going over the speed limit and flying around turns. manipulator reminds me of better times and will always have a place in my album collection.so, how about you guys? there are so many more i could list, but i don't want to make this too long. let's hear about what got you through the good, the bad, and otherwise!++$++20
title says it all, just lookin to chill and mess around with some people. anyone know any servers?++$++18
i am 15 years old and my boyfriend is 18 .we both go to the same high school .even when i would be having a bad day or if i am unhappy i smile for him and try to make him happy even if i might not be . what's wrong with me ?even around other people i try and have a good time . but under that smile is full of sadness . i like making other people happy it shows that they are having a good time . my boyfriend think's i am happy  but in reality i'm not . i'm sorry reddit ,if i didn't explain myself correctly . i'm not sure of how to explain it++$++15
here's the story: i was driving to school from mississippi to north carolina via i-20e. just outside of atlanta (douglasville) i was driving 95 in a 70 (25 mph over the speed limit). i know it was stupid to go that fast. i wasn't really paying attention to my speed. i have never gotten a ticket before, and i'm a student in good standing at my school. i have a court date in douglasville (fuck douglasville) in a few months, and i really don't want to go. more than that i don't want to have my license suspended. somewhere in between, i would like to have this expunged from my records. have you any advice? edit: i'm 22 years old. i think i'll probably contact a lawyer and see if they can lawyer my way out of the ticket. thanks reddit!++$++22
hello reddit biologists,i'm looking to collect some behavioural data from pre-recorded video tapes. i've used noldus observer xt in the past with great success but i'm looking for a program that's either a freeware or relatively cheap. essentially, i need to record both continuous and instantaneous behaviour on a timeline that coincides with a streaming video (through the use of programmable hotkeys). i don't need the program itself to run any statistical analyses. simpler the gui, the better!any suggestions??++$++27
so far, we have about a dozen milestones for each student. in addition to that, we will have somewhere between $1000 - $4000 to spend on additional hardware. i was thinking about buying an nexus s to pass around. in the future, i'd also like to get an atrix or bionic. are there any other suggestions you guys have? i also would like to get a tablet, but i'm not too familiar with any of them. are there any that are out now or coming out soon that i should look into? thanks for your help!edit: forgot to mention that it's an android development class.++$++21
i rage when i hear that phrase.++$++17
serious question here.  when she first came upon the scene, i thought she was actually attractive for a politician.  even today, despite her being stupid and all, i still think she's rather attractive.  does anyone share this thought, or am i all alone?++$++21
i've worked there for eight years now and live on the prison's grounds, as do many other employees. i began as an intern and now work in the office of one of the higher ups. i know almost everything there is to know about the prison as i've given countless tours. feel free to ask about any notorious inmates since i've more than likely met them.++$++20
so basically, i've spent the last 5 years at uni doing a dual degree in science/it, and now that i'm finished i'm at a complete loss as to what to do with myself. i'm 25 years old, have very little work experience(worked in supermarkets for 5 years, and have worked in it for the last 2). i can't stand being chained to a desk in it all day long, and no longer have any interest whatsoever in programming. i'm also completely over study, and really have no motivation whatsoever to do science honours(the basic prerequisite to work in science here), as i feel like i've already wasted the last 5 years studying. i don't know how i got into this situation, i feel like i've never had any proper control over my life and have basically drifted along with whatever came my way, rather than actually take a stand and make a decision to do something else. i feel like i've just lost 5 years of my life(6 1/2 actually, as i went back to a technical college after doing poorly in my senior year of high school to gain my high school certificate so i could go to uni). not sure what advice anyone can actually give me, i guess i'm looking for stories of people that may have found themselves in a similar situation and found a way out of it, and just felt the need to vent, as this has been eating away at me for the last couple of months since i finished uni.++$++25
every day he sees me across the hall at school at yells as loud as he can "sup nigga!" and runs over and wont go away until i give him a high five. i don't even know who he is. i've tried avoiding him, ignoring him, and asking him to stop but he is completely oblivious. he is white, i'm white, it gets me a lot of weird looks.++$++17
i don't want to look like an out-of-towner for very long. i'm pretty nervous about going, as i've never moved that far away on my own. i am 21 years old and will be participating in the washington center internship program, so i'll be there from next week until may.i'm new to public transit. i ordered a metro card from wmata with $30 credit on it. how exactly do i use these? do i swipe it while getting on the bus/rail, or while getting it off? am i going to have to look for it like an idiot? i'm flying into dulles. i'm told there are lines of taxis out front that will take me into d.c. do i just walk to the first one that's parked? how exactly does this process work?where are the best (cheapest? easiest access?) places to shop? the best places to eat?these are the biggest things on my mind right now. anything else that you can tell a newcomer to make the transition easier?++$++21
...but needs reddit's help to make commercials.++$++20
hi all -i'm 36 years old, about 25 pounds overweight, have a fairly normal life but over the past year or so i've noticed increasing problems staying hard during sex.  i masturbate 3-4 nights per week and average sex with the wife around once a week.  we have three kids, so our sex sessions are usually more towards the quickie variety, 5-15 minutes or so.most of the time i can finish the act and climax, but i am definitely not as hard as i used to be.  if we are just messing around, i no longer get an erection during foreplay with direct and constant stimulation.it seems like when i wake in the morning with my morning companion it is the most effective time to have sex.  i spoke with a friend of mine who works for an insurance company approving claims.  he told me that it is very very common for people around 35 to start getting prescriptions for ed, such as viagra.  i haven't talked to my doctor about this yet, as i'm in pretty good overall health (just had a physical a few months ago as a matter of fact, and a stress test last fall, required for my line of work).    it just feels too young for me to be experiencing this --- i can't tell if it is physical, stress, etc...any other guys approaching middle age want to weigh in on this?  i trust the people from reddit more than the random google articles i am finding about it.tldr; 36 in generally good help not getting hard like i feel i should.  is this just a normal part of getting older?**more details:** i do have a high stress job that has been particularly challenging the past year or so. that's a great point. i exercise, running 3-4 miles 4-5 days a week... i was hoping that would be enough to help.++$++36
contract ends on 06/15/11. i'm finding the $60ish i need to spend a month too much of a burden, and i'd like to switch to either virgin mobile for their $25 unlimited everything, or even just go pre-paid. i saw one post on reddit saying to bluff that they plan on relocating to an area without verizon coverage, but as i am 20 years old and they might know i'm in college, i feel like that would be hard to bluff.any other suggestions?edit: i noticed this little gem, [celltradeusa.](http://www.celltradeusa.com/) i listed my plan on there and a couple of other places, hoping to see if i can't get some offers. anyone have any experience with this?++$++20
i mean , one minute i'm 21 years old, having fun and enjoying myslef with girls and computers. next minute i'm 47, no girls, no mom, no fun. just work work work and responsibilities ..funny, how life turns out. not funny, haha but funny peculiar.i'd like to stop the timemachine now and get off, please.++$++21
something unsuspecting and ordinary. see if they notice when it gets a couple thousand upvotes.i propose [this comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/offbeat/comments/f0ekt/why_didnt_my_grandma_think_of_that/c1cdqne) i honestly have no idea who it is, i just picked a thread with only one reply from today that is on its way down. other nominations are welcome.++$++22
[here is my tumblr](http://theratsalad.tumblr.com/)thanks in advance.++$++21
i've been around the block a few times.  been married and divorced.  dated many people since then.  i'm 33 years old and have been looking for a serious relationship for awhile now.  it was a huge relief when i finally found someone that was my type.  she could laugh with the guys.  but be feminine.  she had a great job.  we really enjoyed spending time together.  so a month passes.  we're finally about to get intimate.  she drops the "i have hsv" on me. (she wasn't specific which type other than genital)   while first and foremost.  i was relieved she had the integrity and honor to tell me.  on the other hand i immediately. said "woah!!"  this is a lifetime commitment, long before i know where this is going.  what are everyone else's experience with this virus?  i've heard of people in long term relationships that never received it.  but i'm extremely concerned with getting a life sentence for something that may not be a lifetime commitment.i've broken off our relationship while i contemplate what to do.++$++33
i hear it in trailers for a lot of comedy movies. no clue what it is though.edit: it sounds like it's played by an orchestra.edit 2: the song is in [this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83phvz2nzoi). i just need a name now!++$++17
for example... for me, i normally do not listen to manson's stuff. depending on my mood at the time, it's either tolerable or i switch the station to find something else that seems "better" to me at that moment. however, when i get really stressed/depressed/overwhelmed, it's like a switch is flipped and i suddenly really dig his music exponentially more than normal. (especially stuff like coma white). does anyone else have artists or genres that are only enjoyable under the right set of circumstances? i'd be interested to hear about it if anyone would like to share some.++$++95
so the story goes thus:i'm 21 years old and live in london, england. i've been browsing reddit for 2 years or so now, absolutely love the site.... its been a waste of time well spent. i never created an account, never really felt i needed to... until yesterday morning.i was getting ready for work (a local restaurant) and whilst shaving the little stubble at the bottom of my chin realised for the umpteenth time that i want a fucking beard. i didn't hit puberty 'til i was way into my 17-18th year of age, i was 5ft 7' until i was almost 208 months old. now i'm made to wait again at the great age of 21... for facial hair.so, which of you great and wonderful people would be kind enough to grant me my wish and give me the gift of grizzle this new year?any colour / length / style is more than welcome. the better the better. great to be submitting a link at long last, may it be the start of something special.http://i.imgur.com/pl91v.jpg++$++21
yeah, it was her own kid but he is like 4 years old and didn't deserve it. the kid was just talking to himself and she told him to shut up. he didn't listen so she stopped the bus and slapped him like 10 times as hard as she could. she always complains about her kid talking but she shouldn't bring him on the bus in the  first place.++$++17
hello~ it would be my first time posting on reddit but, it came about that i have a few questions. pardon the section as well, but it was the only other viable area to ask a question outside of the missing medical reddit i wish there was!well i should briefly explain myself, i am 20 years old, have been one to be driven by anxiety and i had one been someone. being diagnosed with anxiety wasn't anything surprising, but coming about to where i am now, being diagnosed with sinusitis, because of my very anxiety?it all began with my septum piercing. the chances of acquiring an infection were a constant about my mind. i would try to clean my piercing as often as possible with saline solution. perhaps i was doing to to much, but my nose began to hurt, than head aches came and persisted for about a month. in the month, i had gone to the hospital several times, questioning the idea of infection and perhaps traveling to my brain~ i was always denied the reality of this and the headache was presumed to be from stress and or anxiety. after a month of headaches, stress and anxiety, due to the fear of my mind withering away, the very weave of my being simply unraveling and never to find it's place in the very composition of my mind. my mind, the product of my brain, perhaps to be lost? even in the most minimal fashion, brain damage would provoke a never ending hope and despair for my own life. i had finally taken the septum piercing out. i was enveloped in a temporary euphoria for that night. all depression relieved of myself, but the very next day everything fell about me. the holes where my septum had been, bare and open now. i than worried of bacteria getting about in my nose the very moment my hand, even the thought of something dirty touching my face, or of anything in relation to a thought of something provoking brain damage, would urge me to clean myself. everytime i took a shower i would raise my nose up to the water coming out of the shower faucet. the water shooting back to the end of my nose, i would than take my fingers and rub about the area infront of my nose where the piercing once was. this relieving the anxiety of my nose being dirty and that i could go about free from my anxiety. i was developing a minor cough, and after a few days, i had developed a now harsh cough and heavy drainage, with clogged sinuses. it was hard to breathe, but i was never unable to breathe. going to a walk in clinic i was diagnosed with sinusitis, to than, i went to the hospital for a second opinion.it was entirely concluded that it was sinusitis. . . i went home and did some research into it, hoping that i could grasp the entirety of what sinusitis might be. it came about that it is a disease, a common disease in the us as stated on most medical websites hosting the basic facts of what it is. an infection of the nasal cavities. doing further research as my greatest fear, brain damage, which this fear has followed me for around 6 years, in which i have journals full of my ever growing delusion that it was to be afflicted of me, had driven me to look about whether the possibility of this infection traveling to the brain had occurred before and perhaps a chance of it showing itself to me in some form of a frequency it has come about.i still don't know but after i had read about one womans husband getting minor brain damage from it, have i begang to crumble. i am losing hope, i do need answers to the severity of this.what are the chances of getting brain damage from sinusitis? what can i do, being a college student with medicaid do to find out whether i have evidence to provide if i have brain damage or not. . .please reddit, help . . .++$++20
i am 24 years old and have been raised in a semi-conservative christian home my entire life. i was raised to respect my parents no matter what was happening to me  and if i spoke out against them it was a sin and i would probably burn in hell. i love my parents even though my father's physical abuse against me from a very early age onward till recent has lead me to have brain tumors from the trama and seizures. both my parents have abused me emotionally and verbally as well and are probably the only cause of my depression. despite all this i respected them and usually did as they asked (except go to college, they thought it was a waste of time but i still attended without their help or support). as i grew older i fell in love and the veil was lifted from my house about how my parents were and how the abuse was not something i should tolerate. we dated for three years and got engaged last year. my parents throughout my relationship with my now fiance has been rough, at first they down right disapproved but now they are used to the idea (we are of different religion origins but hold pretty much the same morals). as my parents grow older, their tempers get worse, especially my father. my entire family (who is alive anyway) agrees that my father is a angry grumpy old man who is getting worse with age. they all warned me to be careful with him but yet never offered me a room or a place to stay so i can be out of the abusive situation. also, everyone agreed that i should not move in with my then boyfriend, now fiance. i think mainly because my family is religious and we should not live together until we are married.well i have taken the abuse and held my tongue, awaiting the day my fiance and i were to be married (which was going to be coming this july). we were saving money and making plans when all of a sudden my parents had another crazy fit as they usually do, and **i snapped.** i didn't attack them back but just informed them i was leaving. in a period of two hours i had all my clothing in bags and my fiance came and helped me load them up in our cars and i was out of the house.since the movie (this is my second day out of the house), i have felt guilty. i know and understand people should not be abused like i was but **i am torn between being free and happy and being respectful to my parents**. i understand they were not respectful to me but i feel being disrespectful is just immature. **i feel so numb and depressed for some reason. i should be happy that i am out of the house and free from their tempers but i don't.** has anyone been in a situation like mine? how long did it take until you felt ok living on your own? what did you do that helped in starting a new life for yourself? i really need advice. i honestly have no one except my fiance and his supportive family who is from another country so it is hard to translate. one of my older siblings is angry with me although she left the house the same way, just got pregnant within two years she "ran away" and married the loser. the other older sibling just got married and is supportive that i left them. i would just like advice please. anything would help. **tl;dr**: left physically, verbally, emotionally abusive parents house at age 24, living with fiance. looking for advice on starting a new life.++$++24
hello~ it would be my first time posting on reddit but, it came about that i have a few questions. pardon the section as well, but it was the only other viable area to ask a question outside of the missing medical reddit i wish there was!well i should briefly explain myself, i am 20 years old, have been one to be driven by anxiety and i had one been someone.being diagnosed with anxiety wasn't anything surprising, but coming about to where i am now, being diagnosed with sinusitis, because of my very anxiety?it all began with my septum piercing. the chances of acquiring an infection were a constant about my mind. i would try to clean my piercing as often as possible with saline solution. perhaps i was doing to to much, but my nose began to hurt, than head aches came and persisted for about a month. in the month, i had gone to the hospital several times, questioning the idea of infection and perhaps traveling to my brain~ i was always denied the reality of this and the headache was presumed to be from stress and or anxiety. after a month of headaches, stress and anxiety, due to the fear of my mind withering away, the very weave of my being simply unraveling and never to find it's place in the very composition of my mind. my mind, the product of my brain, perhaps to be lost? even in the most minimal fashion, brain damage would provoke a never ending hope and despair for my own life. i had finally taken the septum piercing out. i was enveloped in a temporary euphoria for that night. all depression relieved of myself, but the very next day everything fell about me. the holes where my septum had been, bare and open now. i than worried of bacteria getting about in my nose the very moment my hand, even the thought of something dirty touching my face, or of anything in relation to a thought of something provoking brain damage, would urge me to clean myself. everytime i took a shower i would raise my nose up to the water coming out of the shower faucet. the water shooting back to the end of my nose, i would than take my fingers and rub about the area infront of my nose where the piercing once was. this relieving the anxiety of my nose being dirty and that i could go about free from my anxiety. i was developing a minor cough, and after a few days, i had developed a now harsh cough and heavy drainage, with clogged sinuses. it was hard to breathe, but i was never unable to breathe. going to a walk in clinic i was diagnosed with sinusitis, to than, i went to the hospital for a second opinion.it was entirely concluded that it was sinusitis. . . i went home and did some research into it, hoping that i could grasp the entirety of what sinusitis might be. it came about that it is a disease, a common disease in the us as stated on most medical websites hosting the basic facts of what it is. an infection of the nasal cavities. doing further research as my greatest fear, brain damage, which this fear has followed me for around 6 years, in which i have journals full of my ever growing delusion that it was to be afflicted of me, had driven me to look about whether the possibility of this infection traveling to the brain had occurred before and perhaps a chance of it showing itself to me in some form of a frequency it has come about.i still don't know but after i had read about one womans husband getting minor brain damage from it, have i begang to crumble. i am losing hope, i do need answers to the severity of this.what are the chances of getting brain damage from sinusitis? what can i do, being a college student with medicaid do to find out whether i have evidence to provide if i have brain damage or not. . .please reddit, help . . .++$++20
i'm 20 years old and attending uvic, and i love to play the guitar/drums but i don't have anyone to play with.  i was just wondering if there were any people in the victoria area that are in the same sort of situation, and it would be awesome to hang out and jam with fellow redditors!comment or pm me if you're interested!  i'm not necessarily looking to start up a band (although i'm not opposed to the idea), i really just want some people to hang out with and have an awesome time.++$++20
hey reddit, i'd like to apologize in advance for the (possibly) long post, and spelling mistakes, english isn't my first language.i posted here before, but i can't remember my log in.first of all, i'm 21 years old, so is my girlfriend (let's call her an), and we'll be together as a couple for a month tomorrow, after dating for about a month/month and a half.this is our first serious relationship (well, an attempt at one) for the both of us. thing is, an has a bit of a..*wrong* past, so to say.an used to get completely smashed every weekend, and make out/hook up with another guy every weekend. by now i have found out she has kissed/had sex with pretty much every guy that regularly visits this club we always go to.at first i had problems with this, but then i thought "everyone has a past, and it made us who we are today" and got over it. she told me she's ashamed of her past, and how she's happy with me now, how she's falling for me and that she's glad she's on the 'right track' now.now, here is where things get wrong, in my opinion. last week we were at the same club again, having fun. an friend of mine arrives, john. (well i wouldn't call him a friend, just someone i've known for about 2-3 years) and he ends up joining us.i start joking around with him about his sexuality (i'm not homophobic at all, it's an inside joke because for 2 years in a row now, he has kissed a guy on nye even though he's 100% straight), and quickly everyone knew the story behind it.i was hanging out with her best friend today, louise, and she accidentally told me this (we were talking about the friend of the guy i know, she's into him):apparently, when an was talking to my john, and laughing about his sexuality as well, she squeezed her breasts together and told him "prove it that you're not gay" and max (a friend of john), pulled down her shirt.that same night, john decided to head to another club (the one next to the one we were at), and an was very excited to go as well, and told everyone we're heading there, without even asking me. so i went "err ok" and she told me "you can go home, if you want" (though i was tired that night from college, still)now, i don't think i'm over-reacting, but holy fuck did that make me rage when i heard that. i mean, that's just not-done right? even if it was meant as a "joke". what if he did in fact touch her?i'm also pissed off at myself for getting emotionally involved so fast in this relationship, it's seriously been in my head all day and i've been pissed off. another friend of hers, julie, once told me in a drunken state that i "should treat her good, or she will cheat on me".i was mad at julie for saying that, but now i can't stop thinking she might actually be correct.i'm not using this as an argument or anything, but since we've been together i've had at least 5 women show interest in me (one night stands, etc) yet i can keep my dick in my pants and reject them, because i'm happy with my girlfriend, and then she pulls off something like that? i mean, what the hell man.an doesn't know that i know this though, and said-'friend' will most likely be at the club as well tomorrow night.i'm just so pissed off right now, and i'd like some input from another unbiased person.**edit** thank you for all the replies so far, i will reply in a few hours/tomorrow morning, as i really need some sleep now, got 2 exams in a row tomorrow. please do keep posting your opinions/advice though++$++21
i'll start with star wars, empire strikes back and return of the jedi were better than a new hope.++$++24
when i switched on my computer today all the letters on my screen are now showing up as symbols. in my browser where it says "file" "tools" etc there are weird shapes instead of letters. when i type, the same shapes appear. any help would be appreciated. thanks.++$++20
i already know html and css, but i never got past the 'making a page' aspect of web development; as in, i have zero experience dealing with actual user interaction with a website.i plan on making a website and i want it to be able to do the following things:- save certain data the user submits (assuming cookies here?). data would be very simple, just some numbers and possibly a link to another site.- want to be able to redirect to said site listed above given permission by the user via a button. as this site is a 'variable', again i'm assuming this means it will look at cookie data.- want to be able to track the time spent between web visits. ie they visit a site at 4 am, and visit again at 7 am, i want the site to be able to say 'you were last here 3 hours ago.'- if possible, i want to be able to do this -without an account-. it should be strictly machine-based.now, given this, what languages and topics do i need to learn?edit: had some bad reddit formatting going on, my mistake.++$++20
i went to bed at 5pm but i'm still so exhausted that i'm shaking and i'm dizzy.++$++17
[crust](http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkers/)++$++17
just curious what you think.++$++16
i haven't been a member of reddit for long - a week, perhaps - and already i feel an overwhelming positive energy that i didn't before. it's hopeful, optimistic, excited...all the things i thought i didn't have in me.i suppose i should give some details about my self - i'm a 20 year old white male living in the us. 2010 was the hardest year of my life - my dad died of cancer, one of my best friends died in a car accident, my other best friend left and won't speak to me for reasons i can't explain, and i fell in love with not one, but two girls who didn't feel the same way. i am also really content.i have reddit to thank, i think. during my short stay here i've learned more about relationships, sex, love, life, etc. than i have in years. i'm positive that i will meet someone special, fall in love and we will rock each other's world, hopefully until we leave this world. i've learned a lot about sex and i'm not worried about pleasing my partner or validating myself through it. i realize that a woman can love a man every bit as much as a man can love a woman - that might seem silly, but the last two girls i met made that seem unlikely.reddit, thank you. i suppose i should share some of my own wisdom, or what little i have at my age:1. if you see a girl/guy and you want to ask her/him out, do it. don't hesitate. the worst they can say is "no" and by not asking them, you're essentially answering before they can. just do it! and every time you do, it becomes easier. one day, somebody will say yes - and maybe that person is the man/woman of your dreams, somebody you might not have had the guts to approach before.2. loving and being loved is a gift - don't waste it, don't try to shoo it away. embrace love. if you love, you will be loved.3. don't be afraid of being wrong - always ask questions, always strive to learn more. be a student of the world - everyone has something to teach.i hope you guys are as happy as i am or, maybe after reading this, will be inspired to. i'd love to read what reddit has taught you, too. have a wonderful evening!++$++20
i was reading this thread [http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/f0x27/dont_stick_your_dick_in_crazy_what_makes_a_girl/](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/f0x27/dont_stick_your_dick_in_crazy_what_makes_a_girl/) and the subject of borderline personality disorder came up (as it usually does) i'm 23 years old, female, and diagnosed in 2008 at 21 years old. i thought it might be nice to hear the topic of crazies from a bonefide crazy chick who got her crazy in check so ama.edit: sorry for the people i didn't get back to right away! i was afk for sleep! should have announced this :)++$++23
i'm 20 years old and female, i already have a boyfriend so i'm not looking for a date (which means i don't want you to pay for me).so why do i want to go with strangers? i'm bored. my best friend is a vegetarian and so there are a few places i can't go with her (i'm not letting her pay $35 for the pretty lame vegetarian meals at some of these places). my boyfriend is out of town (read: ldr). and the other people in my life might ruin the meal.choices:* ~~canoe~~* auberge de pommier* open to any suggestions?i picked the two based on yelp, their winterlicious menu, and [this article i found on posted on reddit](http://www.torontolife.com/daily/daily-dish/de-licious/2010/12/21/12-best-bets-for-winterlicious-2011-our-chief-critic-goes-through-the-menus-so-you-don%e2%80%99t-have-to/3/).i can do lunch on weekends or dinner on thursday and friday.all i ask is that you dress appropriately. it doesn't matter if you have nothing to talk about. i won't try to eat off of your plate - unless you offer.**update: if you want to go to canoe, try lunches off the weekend. they're closed until february too. tomorrow is auberge...hopefully i can get a reservation**++$++20
6 hour car ride to chicago. it's been years since i've played this game. how do i do this thing?++$++17
every once in a while groupon (or other similar discount sites) offers cheap memberships to rock climbing gyms in my area. i get bored with exercise pretty quickly and thought about trying some indoor climbing for upper body strength and whatnot... my questions:a) as a person who has been working their arms but can really only do one pull up at the moment, would it just be a straight up embarrassment to try rock climbing already? as a kid i took any opportunity to climb anything, but boy are my arms puny now. and b) is it a good workout for anything other than your upper body? my lower body is really the thing that needs work weight loss wise, but it just looks like so much fun, and like i said, i'm always looking for new activities that will occupy my attention span while also getting me fit!any suggestions would be great!++$++24
here's my story. i'm 21 years old. ive been in college for 3 years and aside from earning a handful of credits in a bunch of random crap i've basically accomplished nothing. i'm a somewhat bright individual. i love music. i've been playing bass in every genre of music you could imagine for over a decade and although i would love to make a career out of it i know its just not viable. and well basically i've been going through a metric crapton of cognitive dissonance about what to do with my life. here are my options:1. go to school for music. i'll probably end up getting a phd in jazz and teach at a university. i'll never make more than $130,000 or so a year. obviously not bad but i want to be rich and famous. 2. get a degree in physics or engineering. i've always been somewhat apt in these subjects and to put it short i have an idea that could potentially revolutionize the cars we drive every day. anyway the potential to make a lot more money is much higher. problem is i don't think i can handle working in an office or cubicle all day. in fact, i'll probably go crazy. and although i will still have music as a hobby, my thirst for knowledge in the subject will be nowhere near quenched. im not sure if i got all of my thoughts on this down so i'll probably edit this later. what do you think i should do?edit: ok apparently me thinking that 130000 a year is "low" has struck a chord with some people. by that i meant i'd be making after a few decades of hard work i'd be making approximately 60-80k at the university and the rest would come from side work like private lessons **if** i'm lucky enough to even find a job. the reason i don't think that's a ton of money is because i'd be working 60-70 hours a week or more and considering i'd be in school till i'm almost 30 that's a lot of work to put in.++$++21
if enough people participate i might post mine.++$++16
i'm currently 17 and a couple months ago when i was 16 i realized i wasn't a kid anymore. this thought has been stuck in my head since because i missed out on my childhood.++$++17
i don't know if i'm supposed to be ready or supposed to learn as i go.++$++17
i don't know how to cope knowing my son is such a karma whore.++$++20
son:       'mum, when i was on the bus with dad this morning, he told me to give up my seat to a lady.'   mom:    'well, you have done the right thing.'   son:       'but mum, i was sitting on daddy's lap.'++$++92
i'm 20 years old, 5'11'' and 165lbs. i have very little muscle, so i look a bit like the pilsbury dough boy. the only "working out" i have ever done are push-up and sit-up pyramids.lately, i've decided that i'm tired of looking like a marshmallow and want to chage how i look. i want to build some muscle, but not get ripped (lean and functional rather than hulk smash).i'm heading back to school this week, so i'll have access to a gym. what would be the best place to start?++$++20
an elderly man walks into a confessional. the following conversation ensues: man: 'i am 92 years old, have a wonderful wife of 70 years, many children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren. yesterday, i picked up two college girls, hitch-hiking. we went to a motel, where i had sex with each of them three times.' priest: 'are you sorry for your sins?' man: 'what sins?' priest: 'what kind of a catholic are you?' man: 'i'm jewish.' priest: 'why are you telling me all this?' man: 'i'm 92 years old ..... i'm telling everybody!' http://i.imgur.com/v8ibp.jpg++$++92
ladies of reddit, i am 22 years old and just started having sex about six months ago.  the problem is, i still haven't had an orgasm and am not sure why.  my boyfriend bought me two vibrators (i'd never masturbated before either) a few months ago and after reading some advice on here, i bought the hitachi magic wand about a week ago.  sex and using the vibrators always feels amazing, but there is no climax.  any advice or tips would be greatly appreciated!++$++22
not sure where to start. i never thought i was a type of person who would end up in a psychiatrists office being handed samples of some medication (pexeva) to try that i've never heard of to treat depression. after some quick research of user reviews and descriptions of this medication i have become completely scared of taking this or any medication of this kind.some of the more alarming reports were dissatisfaction with side affects such as being exhausted all day, changes in sex drive and in some cases, especially in people under 25 the symptoms of depression actually got much worse. though there were many cases where the medication worked wonders for some (mostly 45yrs or older) but the moment they went off the medication they felt like they were going insane and couldn't be without it. this last part scares me more than anything.i'm 22 years old having just graduated from college, i've just moved back in with my parents and for the last 4-6 weeks or so fallen under this wave of sadness and negativity i've never experienced before in my life that i can't manage to shake. i've been sleeping during the day for weeks now ever since my finals ended and awake all through the night much to the dismay of my friends and family who don't understand whats going on with me and i don't have the words to explain it to them. some days are much better than others and i feel completely normal and motivated to get myself together and finish my applications to graduate school, get out and find a job now that i'm home and turn my sleeping schedule around. but then i go sleep and every time i wake i feel completely miserable again and i don't want to get out of bed usually lying there for hours at a time.this has all come about after a horribly stressful semester, an embarrassing end to a relationship with a girlfriend who gave me little explanation why when i thought we were much closer than that. as well as complete uncertainty about my future and my chances of being able to further my education with my current grades and qualifications. all of these things have been building around this problem that i've had for as long as i can remember which must be some sort of social anxiety which i always thought i would just grow out of and have always done my best to avoid situations where i know it will come up because when it does it is completely debilitating and embarrassing. i now realize if anything it's gotten worse and i've become much more self conscious.the way these things have turned my world upside down have made me felt like a complete child as i'm sure it must seem like just some pathetic post-graduation young adult, identity crisis blues to those around me. however, with the amount of weeks this has gone on, the symptoms i'm experiencing and the number of times i've attempted to pull myself out of it and failed have me thinking otherwise. i haven't cried since i was a little kid and i find myself breaking out in tears at completely random times often for seemingly no reason at all. i know i am lucky to have a caring family and good friends around me but for some reason it makes me feel even worse that those things aren't enough to help me and i'm letting them down. my friends are convinced its all about the girl thing which i admit is a big part of it and may even be the trigger that started this but its been weeks now and i still don't feel like i have the will to man up which i think is completely ridiculous and pathetic.basically i feel completely miserable for different lengths of time at least everyday. i see nothing but flaws and negative things about myself anymore when i used to be a positive and relatively confident person. i've never seriously considered suicide but nearly every time i lay to down to sleep i hope and pray that i just don't wake up again and i'm not a spiritual person at all. i don't know what to do, i feel so weak and i want to pull myself out of this hole without having to rely on medication which i honestly am terrified of and really want to believe i don't need it. my family does have a history of depression and i have nothing but respect and empathy for anyone that needs extra help to deal with mental health issues especially after experiencing this, but i just want to know that i'm strong enough to deal with this naturally.if anyone has had a similar experience, concerns about taking medication or just some good advice, i would greatly appreciate any input on how i can get though this or get over my anxiety. i'm horrible at communicating my feelings verbally especially with strangers and it actually feels really good to write all of this out instead of trying to and explain my situation and feeling like a fool. i don't see how any kind of counseling can help me because i just can't have a verbal conversation about it. i live in the chicago suburbs so its the freezing dead of winter right now so going outside for fresh air &amp; sunshine is not my favorite option. should i not be so afraid to try the meds? thanks for reading sorry about the length.++$++22
i'll do it if i need to, but i would prefer not to.++$++21
i've never really had a consistent sleep pattern. i've always just fallen asleep at whatever time tiredness takes me.and more recently that has got quite bad in the sense no matter where i was, if i was tired, i'd fall asleep.but since christmas, i've had a pretty solid pattern of falling asleep between 5/5.30 in the morning, and waking up between 2/4 in the afternoon.i've never been such a late sleeper, but now i am one, i have a genuine pattern.but now to get i need to get it back on track, by forcing sleep upon myself.i've been using a few 'whisper' videos on youtube (which are actually creepy, taken out of context, but soothe me), and some 'self hypnosis' stuff, but it isnt 100% effective.so, what do you do to help you get to sleep? tonight, i'm trying to see if batman will send me to sleep.**tl;dr;** need to sort out sleep pattern. how should i get myself to sleep?++$++19
[wikipedia link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coats'_disease)hi everyone,i was recently diagnosed with coats disease.  i am probably classified as a 2a in the severity of the disease.  i was originally diagnosed with a retinal hemangioblastoma, but when the cut into my eye to surgically remove the tumor they found no tumor but a mass of irregular blood vessels that were indicitive of coats.  coats in a nutshell is shitty bloodvessels in your retina.  these blood vessels constantly leak blood into your eye which obscures your vision and blinds you until the blood is removed.  they treated the area with cryotherapy at the time.  a few months later my vision became crappy again and they decided to go in for a second round of cryotherapy.  a few more months down the road that didn't seem to be stopping the leakage either so they went in to do some photo dynamic therapy (pdt).  a few days after the treatment i gradually lost all the sight in my right eye and am now effectively blind in that eye.  the irregular blood vessels don't seem to be responding very well.  if the blood doesn't clear itself out i have to go in for some more surgery in a couple of weeks.  does anyone have any advice on someone to see for a second opinion?  any clinics/hospitals in the u.s. they can reccomend?  i am begining to wonder if my current doctor is able to effectively treat whats going on.  maybe i am being neurotic, i dunno.  any advice would be helpful.btw, i am currently being treated at the casey eye institute in portland, or.  also, i am 30 years old which is not the average age.**tl;dr  i would like some recommendations on other hospitals/clinics that specialize in this disorder.**++$++30
i'm a little over a month into stronglifts 5x5, and now getting into weight that's really pushing my limits with squats.i learned squat form from the starting strength videos with mark rippetoe. the problem i've been having since i've been getting into heavier weights is that my upper body stays lower to the ground after i drive up with my hips, resulting in a squat that almost looks like two parts - first i drive my hips up, then i raise my upper body back to the proper height / angle. this is putting some stress on my lower back during the second half of my squat.any advice on how i can keep my back and upper body at the proper angle as i raise up out of the squat?thanks a lot for any help.++$++24
oh cheezits, how i adore thee.++$++17
i'm a guy and i love it when somebody cuts my hair, washes and *especially* plays with it (running their fingers through it etc). it's even better when somebody has long fingernails.++$++20
if you do, how do you choose to keep your apps organized on the homescreen? i'm guess i'll just use folders, but i'm curious if anyone has any creative setup ideas to share.++$++24
i've been feeling dizzy and throwing up all day because i'm so tired. i even went to bed at 5pm yesterday.++$++17
i'm 17 and i realized that i've hated snow days since i was 12.++$++17
hey guys,i am writing this because it has caused me some serious heartache over the past couple years. my first boyfriend gave me hpv and we broke up in 2009. i am 21 years old, he is now 26. he had slept with a lot more people than i had. anyway, it was a painful breakup, and i only recently recovered from it. i want to get back into dating, but i am absolutely mortified about the idea of liking someone, then having them reject me based on the fact that i have hpv. i have both the wart-causing kind and the pre-cancer kind. gynecologists have told me that having a healthy immune system can help send the virus into a sort of "remission," but that would probably take a few more years.i don't want to lead a sexless existence and worst of all i don't want to fall in love with someone, only for them to reject me as soon as i tell them my "dirty little secret." i can't even comprehend how soul-crushing that would be. :(please offer any advice...note, i really would like guys to respond to this. i want to know how you would feel if you met a girl you really liked and it was mutual and what you would feel/do if you found out about her situation (my situation).++$++21
i'm at a chicago history museum with my family and while i was looking around. i noticed they had two different audio tours. one for teens and one for everyone else. this got me thinking about the subject. why is society so obsessed with teens?almost everything is marketed towards teens (music, movies, tv shows, clothes, phones, games, websites, sports, sex, drugs, books, etc.)then you hear stuff like "high school "is the best years of your life" or people wishing they could be teenagers themselves. if you google "teens", chances are, it will just show you a bunch of teen porn sites (which for some reason are more popular than regular porn sites). are there really that many guys out there that would prefer to do it with a teenager? before i found reddit, i wasn't even aware of the whole "jailbait" thing. at the time, i thought kids were attracted to kids and adults were attracted to adults, not adults attracted to kids.i'm 17 myself and personally, my teenager years haven't been so well but i do understand how some people can think it is awesome. but i don't understand why they felt this way about being teenagers and don't feel this way about their college years too. i just don't really get this obsession with teens.++$++17
i've been trying to lose some weight recently and i've always had a healthy diet but i still made some tweaks. the last change on my list was that gosh darn thing ya'll call exercise.after 5 years of not shoveling the driveway, i attempted the task. shit i feel so good. my back was a little sore from a massage earlier this week, but wow. i felt like i actually accomplished something. it wasn't just mindless exercise - i got something done! i helped out my parents! i made sure it was safe for my grandma!damn it feels good to be a gangster...**edit: thanks guys :) you've made me feel even better about something i was feeling good aboot.**++$++20
i don't know the actual name, but i've seen you twice. you are covered in silver paint and dance on a stand.++$++17
as the title says, i'm a second year student looking for some work. this is the first resume i've made and i could definitely use some feedback on it. any and all advice would be welcomed!for your convenience, i'll link my resume in both word and pdf formats.[word 2010](http://dl.dropbox.com/u/8526196/resume_for_reddit.docx)[pdf](http://dl.dropbox.com/u/8526196/resume_for_reddit.pdf)++$++24
you were wearing a brown jacket with lots of pockets and had a man purse. nice neckbeard.that is all.++$++17
simple, basic, common hugs. why do we do it? i read on wikipedia it can "increase levels of oxytocin, and reduce blood pressure."  but that doesnt really explain why we do it, does it? is it a natural thing, or a social construct?++$++19
no one knows who you are, so you've no one to turn to immediately. who can you trust, and who can help you?++$++19
a man was sitting reading his papers when his wife hit him round the head with a frying pan. 'what was that for?' the man asked. the wife replied 'that was for the piece of paper with the name jenny on it that i found in your pants pocket'.. the man then said 'when i was at the races last week jenny was the name of the horse i bet on' the wife apologized and went on with the housework. three days later the man is watching tv when his wife bashes him on the head with an even bigger frying pan, knocking him unconscious. upon regaining consciousness the man asked why she had hit again. wife replied.. 'your horse phoned'++$++92
when you're at a steak house and some family comes in, dressed in their pajamas. they are really loud and are taking pictures. then one starts yelling about tampons and how the food tastes like urinal cakes. seriously, how does one eat like that?++$++17
i tend to enjoy a good drink or five, either with friends or sometimes alone. i was discussing this with friends the other day and they seemed to react in shock as i was saying i sometimes like to drink alone. i on the counterpart found myself a bit staggered by their reaction. i understand the social stigma that is alcoholism but there is a point where, moderately, one can drink alone, no ?what is your opinion on this, reddit ?++$++23
i, like you, have been living my life with a lot of questions. when it comes to the big ones like "what should i do with my life" or "why am i here", there are few certainties that we get to enjoy.but after seeing some of my best friends performing on stage tonight i understood with 100% conviction that **i want to learn an instrument**.i'm 18 years old and some would consider that too late, but it's only going to get later and i'm **not** letting this go. my budget is tight and i've got zero steady income so i figured i'd ask here first. anyone got an old keyboard or guitar they're willing to part with?if it helps i live in ma, south of boston in milton.++$++18
just looking for someone to level with.++$++17
well today while running up the stairs i dropped my school bag and kicked the stairs leading to a broken toe :( but it was worth it because i'm on r/trees now after 6 hours of waiting at the hospital xd++$++16
like if you're right-handed, apply a few more swipes under your right pit?++$++22
i'm going to be here for the weekend. what are some things i should do while i'm here?++$++17
like, they'll be walking slow, texting, swiveling back and forth in front of you, suddenly stopping, turning around, be so ignorant and uncaring of their surroundings that they walk into other people or objects, etc, etc, etc....i've been late to way too many classes at school because of people like this.++$++17
i have a movies folder, and i have it set to extra large icons for aesthetic reasons.is there a way to set every folder within it to also use extra large icons? i don't wanna have to set each of the 150 folders individually, and when i go into folder options, the only thing i can find is to apply the layout to "all folders of this type" which i don't want to do.suggestions? what do?++$++22
i think my dad could kick my ass now that he started working out all the time.++$++17
i'm in the car on a road trip to chicago right now so i can't make it.first panel: bunch of fapping business men fapping to businesssecond panel: a koolaid megusta perfect busts through the wallthird panel: random duckfourth panel: koolaid megusta perfect riding said duckfifth panel:giant herp derp invades tokyo.sixth panel: pregnant fuck yeahseventh panel:forever alone at a starbuckseighth panel: troll face on a yacht10th panel: troll face riding a dolphinreal 10th panel: standard rage face.++$++17
it feels like the pain is inside my gooch area (i guess it's called the perineum). it hurt on thursday for a bit, but only a few times throughout the day. it hasn't really gotten worse just more noticeable. a few sharp pains (maybe 3) have occured, but other than those spurts it isn't that bad. it hurts a little tiny bit when i cough. last night when i would toss and turn in bed, it seemed like that position set it off. i have no trouble going to the bathroom. haven't lifted anything heavy, ideas?interesting sidenote; it seems to be more noticeable when i'm laying down. i'm a 20 year old male. what's weird is that i had a pretty bad case of sciatica over the summer and these past couple days the pain has also come back a bit from that (that was a problem near my sciatic nerve and down my hamstring). i'm wondering if these could be connected but probably not.++$++20
i'm 14 years old and lately have been feeling bored and depressed for no reason. i feel that a lot of this could be due to that i don't really do anything. any suggestions for some sort of hobby or interest to get my spirits up?++$++14
hi, reddit. my name's nick and i'm 15 years old. i am a freshman in high school. now i know reddit normally does not deal with this age group, so flames i will have to accept--however, i have no else to ask this question.it's about my friends. in a nutshell, they're all douchebags.  well, there's a few here...and there...that are funny, nice, and fun to hang with, but that's maybe...3 people? i don't wanna go through the next year with 3 people.  whenever i ask to hang out with these, uhm, douchebags, to see if maybe they can be cool, they're going out clubbing to shitty djs and glowsticking to terrible house music.  i've even seen 6th graders do this. it's really sad.  i've been having trouble crowding awesome people around myself because it seems there...are only a few.and no, i don't want to be a douchebag. :)so question for you, reddit; what do?++$++15
i got all four out. three of the spaces look flat, pink, and otherwise well-healed. one space, however, has (what looks like) a deep hole in it. did the stitches come out or something? it's not painful, and i can still see the stitches there anyway. i'd post a picture but my camera won't focus in my mouth well.++$++19
hey gunnit, i took the class, got my certificate, and plan on getting my fid(class c license).  i live in massachusetts, and i plan on going with my father to the kittery trading post to see if they have a mosin nagant there, or, if not, a nice .22.  however, i am not sure how to go about the process of an out of state purchase.  i heard that they will ship it to a dealer or a price, and you pick it up there.if this can not happen, could someone explain to me how i can purchase a gun online? is there a similar process?thank you++$++17
thanks team!++$++22
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddhas_of_bamyanwere you paying attention at the time? how did you feel? this askreddit is for people who knew about it and cared about it as it happened.++$++50
i was born into a jewish household, but we never really believed in that stuff or practiced it. i still don't believe in it but sometimes i enjoy learning about religion from my "christian" friend.++$++17
i don't have any accomplishments or anything to proud of. i constantly hear stories about people my age whove done something amazing or great with their lives. i've heard that "its normal if you haven't done anything and you only need to focus on getting good grades". at the same time, i've heard that the only time people really accomplish anything with their lives is when they're young.++$++17
i've felt like this my whole life. i'm 29 years old now and have trouble making friends. does anyone have any advice? or just want to share their own experiences?++$++29
little background: i'm 21 years old, from a wealthy family, but my parents raised my so i don't brag about money all the time, and i'm in third year of bachelor in management studies.since the first year i have been hanging around almost excusively with two guys, let's call them eric and john, and a girl, let's name her elizabeth. my first year went like a charm, i had good grades and successfully passed my exames and got to chose an international exchange program for one year, in the same city as eric. when we got there, we made a co-rental together along with 3 other people. once again, the year flew by and we had a lot of fun. before we came back, john asked me if i wanted to make a co-rental with him during our final year, and i accepted, because i wanted, you know, to get some intimacy from my parents.at the end of the year, when we got back from our exchange, i managed to get an internship for 4 months in a great banking group human resources dept in paris. it was boring but i had my time and came back later for the beginning of my final year of studies.since then, everything went bad. ok so john and eric teamed with two other good friends of mine to offer me an x-box slim for my b-day. i was so amazed that i didn't know what to say except that i was really thankfull. a couple of weeks later, i was playing with some friend untill 4 am, and we ended up doing some noise, but we shut it quickly.fast forward to christmas, we organized a diner with like 10 people, and john and eric were busy all day long preparing some food. we talked about it, and i told them i really wanted to do something as well, and they put me in charge of cheeses. i was totally in a rush and went to a very expensive shop to get some very good stuff. unfortunately, i made it almost too clear during the diner, and the two guys tool it as an offense to them, like their diner was shit because i bought 80 of dairy products for diner and bragged about it.anyway, the following morning, i locked myself in my bathroom, with phone, without anything to go out, and john being out for at least 4 days. the only way i had to get out was to kick the door until a hole allow me to reach the handle. as an attempt to make fun of my condition, i made a facebook status that was not entirelly explicit about it. but john took it as an insult for himself.fast forward after new years eve, i called john's parents who are the landlord to tell them that i will pay everything for the door, that's the least i can do about it. they come, someday in the morning at like 11am, and john's father starts to measure the thing. apparently, he was pretty shocked that in stead of saluting him, i didn't come to offer my help.time goes by and the relation between john and eric, that i consider(ed) as my best friends quickly goes really rotten, like they're ignoring me, and shit. one day, after classes, i go and see them and ask what's wrong, and they proceed to tell me everything i wrote before. the only thing i found useful to say is that i am sorry, and that i am a clumsy person, and that i didn't do this to treat them like shit, that they should tell me when i act inapropriately because i sometimes can't figure it out on my own, and sometimes, that what friends do. they tell me they are disappointed by my behaviour, but somehow glad that i came to talk about this and make things clear.the following day, everything seems alright, both of them are normal with me, but the day after it comes worse than ever before.i talk about it with elizabeth, which the only one who doesn't want to take side for anybody, and she tells me that eric is really jealous about all the opportunities i have/had in my life, and the fact that money is not an issue for me. she also tells me that eric always had feeling for her, and that he told her about it a couple of days ago, and also the fact that he has been bitching about me for the last 3/4 weeksnow we've always been flirting, and friday was the day we made out. i know it's not going to make to situation any better, but i don't care anymore. yesterday, eric came at the appartement and had diner with john before going to a party. while they were eating, i was playing onlive with some friends, and the two guys were talking normally, and all of a sudden, eric starts muttering so i can't hear what he says.i mean, i know i am not a manipulative person, i know i'm not really intelligent, but i don't want to do my friends some harm. but one thing i hate, is being made a total idiot, and that's what is happening right now.now, i'm hesitating between renting my room untilearly april, the end of my scholar year, or break the lease and go by to my parents house, and break every contact with eric and john.**tl;dr**: the last three years of my life are like the young and the restless.++$++21
from what i've read its a pretty harmless procedure. i'm doing it mainly for health reasons as i want to clear my bowels of excess waste.++$++20
hey reddit! i am 20 years old, female! i have been thinking a lot about elementary school lately and i had a best friend that moved away and i don't have her last name! please upvote this so i can find her! i really hope she's a redditor!we went to school together in arizona, in the fourth grade. her name is sarah! she wore mismatch socks and she is either british or irish and she had a dog that passed away! we also did a science project about mold!!message me if youre on here!++$++20
so i went on a trip about a week ago and for the first few days ate *really* well. had a lot of food and kinda splurged (didn't give a shit about what i ate). i calmed down the next couple nights and ate better. about four days ago i noticed i hadn't taken a shit in four days. i up'ed my fiber intake (metamucil supplements) and ate cleaner. the next day i *still* hadn't taken a shit.now it's been seven days and i'm starting to get worried. the most success i've had is a couple drops after an hour sitting on the toilet. isn't all the food that i've eaten stuck in my stomach somewhere? should i see a doctor? wtf...++$++20
if so, where? what did you think of it?besides nyu and columbia, what are some schools that you would consider to be good schools here in nyc?++$++18
personally i prefer this old ball point pen that i found that has a heavy feeling to it and writes really well. i lost it and need to find a replacement.++$++20
so i saw this post and felt all heartwarmed so i went to see what r/leaves was http://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/f2nzi/a_thank_you_to_rtrees_from_rleaves/i then saw what it was and am sad now that people are leaving us :(++$++16
i have a good relationship with them, but i feel too awkward around them. i've known them for 17 years and i still feel like a stranger.++$++17
i'm 17 years old and *still* dealing with depression. i've had it since i was 7 and was having constant suicidal thoughts in 3rd grade. after a failed attempt at the start of the school year when i was 16, i realized i missed out on my entire childhood because of depression. one of my darkest fears when i was younger was that i would still be dealing with depression when i was an adult. well, i'm pretty much out of time now. i was thinking that i would stick around until my parents were gone because they're the only people that care. i don't think i can wait that long now. i thought college was supposed to be some amazing place that changes people and helps with depression but now that i'm getting closer, i don't know about that. i've been dealing with depression for so long that i've just gotten used to it now. i'm not crying anymore, it's all just normal for me. i'm just waiting for either my parents or college now but i don't think that will help. i just feel like i'm wasting my time waiting for them and i should just off myself now.++$++17
i'm 20 years old and have never had to file a tax return, never bought a car, or owned a house. i have a savings account but no credit card.edit: thanks for the replies! i'll take in this information and apply it accordingly.++$++20
apologies to those suffering through real winters, but it's 75 in san diego and i ran this morning and spent the day at the pool and felt great!i just wanted to say thanks to /r/loseit for the motivation and support to be getting fit in january! i tend to slack until may and then starve myself for summer, but not this year. this fun little heat wave we got is only fun cause i don't feel my normal bloated,  winter self.so thank you thank you thank you!oh, and to everyone working on what seems like the impossible, trust me, it's worth it. i've only been dieting and exercising for a month and already i feel 100x better. january is the new june! lose it!++$++24
my father was military and we moved around a lot.  he was special forces 3rd group (africa) and he was gone pretty much gone 6 months out of every year.  he would beat me when he was around and when i got into my teens i started rebelling.  (please note: i have no need for pity or sorrow on that topic... i came to terms with it long ago and it's not that big of a deal to me today).anyway, i ended up getting removed from my family and put into "the system" in which i grew up.  i've been put into various mental health hospitals around raleigh, nc (charter, duke medical center, etc).  i spent a bit of time in a group home in fayetteville, nc (which is where my biological parents lived) and ended up in a foster family in hope mills, nc until i was 18.i'm 33 years old now and i have a relatively decent life.  a comment in another thread on the main page brought back a flood of memories and i thought i'd let you guys ask anything you wanted about the government's version of child rearing.i still refuse to have contact with my biological parents, but i do keep in touch (barely) with my foster parents.ask me anything.here's some sample stories about life "in the system:"the only real father figure(s) i ever had were three black guys that taught me to play spades.  my biological parents were incredibly racist... and i learned that racism was wrong from these guys.  they were the weekend shift at the group home.  i have no idea what their names are, but they had a profound impact on my life.i made it to the "highest level" when i was in the mental hospital.  it's incredibly hard to explain what that means unless you've been in the situation.  but in any case, one of the counselors (marlo... another black man), brought me out of the hospital to a normal setting along with his 4 year old son.  it was something like chuck-e cheese or something... i don't remember exactly where we went, but it felt really nice to have someone caring for you specifically.  i will never forget marlo.  he was an amazing man.people tried to escape from the group home and hospital (i tried an utter failure of the group home escape once... which is totally laughable now).  while i was on the "highest level" i was able to take walks outside with an escort.  while i was walking with my counselor, he fell and broke his hand on a rock in a creek.  i was commended for not trying to escape.i've been put in 4 point restraints and sedated numerous times for stupid shit.  i've escaped from 4 point restraints on 2 occasions.  the best story on that is that my roommate and i were throwing a tennis ball against the wall.  we had no means of exercise or entertainment, so we were having fun late one night.  this was at duke.  when they told us to stop, we told them to fuck off.  well... they called duke security and they came to restrain us.  we put up quite a good fight... my roommate (who was bigger than me) went down pretty quick because they thought he was the biggest threat.  they only put two guys on me.  i was able to wriggle out of their grasp and caused a bigger problem than my friend (like i said, he had more people on him).  it's kind of a blur after they injected me with something, but i still managed to escape the restraints.  i wasn't "violent" anymore at that point... i escaped the restraints so i could go back to bed.anyway... i've got a ton of these stories++$++33
in almost every electro house mix, especially dj blend, i heard a bending lead. like pitch bend every note. how can i do this in fl studio? the built-in vsts aren't capable of making some leads...so i can't bend a good lead i find.++$++15
lighting it up. sadly, i am at school and cannot watch.[box score](http://www.nba.com/games/20110117/indlac/gameinfo.html?ls=gt2hp0021000605#nbagiboxscore)++$++25
that is all.edit-or artist-"song" the point was the quotes which denote which is the song. sometimes it's hard to tell.++$++21
kind people of r/atheism,i myself am an agnostic, i am not sure whether there is or isn't a god.as i am not a complete idiot i analyzed, why am i not sure? religious books are not a reason to believe, as these have been altered over the years and are about as reliable as my little nephews crayonbook.so after a bit of thinking i realised my agnosticism didn't come from the wanting to belief in a god, it comes from having trouble with the thought that once someone dies, they're completely gone. this is something i have trouble accepting, and i think this counts for many agnostics and theists.so, my agnosticism comes from a fear of dying? i so badly want there to be a heaven, even though i have no proof for one existing, i can't accept the lack of its existence.please state you thoughts.++$++18
i have been lurking on reddit for a while, but this is my first time making an account to post. i am gonna tell you all about my life, and i am looking for any honest feedback out there. i am about to tell you things i do not tell anyone else. this is the first time in my entire 29 years of life that i have written or said the entire truth about me to anyone.well, as i said above, i'm 29 years old. i'll start at the juicy parts. when i was 17 years old, i was arrested for entering an automobile. some friends and i broke into people's cars in my neighborhood. i was charged as an adult and pleaded first offender. that meant i would go on probation and have no record. when i was 19, i continued to be a rebellious asshole and was arrested again for vandalism at a construction site. violated my probation, went to jail for 5 months of my life. why did i do these things? two offenses were at the house of a kid that made my middleschool and highscool life a living hell. i sought revenge in a really stupid way, and i paid the price for it.i was a skinny, nerdy white kid in jail. imagine the stereotypical geek...then imagine him in freaking jail. that was me. when i went to jail, they put me in a "holding dorm" which is where they decide where to send each detainee. 80% of all detainees end up in the back of the jail, which contains the most fucked up people in society. keep in mind that jail is not prison. if you don't bail out, jail is a holding area until the judge decides what to do with you, whether that means going to a worse place (prison) or just getting probation.i sat in jail for 5 months. finally, i got my day in front of the judge. she took one look at me and her eyes widened. there i was, a skinny pale white kid with glasses who looked 10 years younger than he actually was. she said, and i quote, because i will always remember her words until i die, "you need to go home today. today." and i did. but not before the district attorney suggested i be sent to be a probation detention center for 4 additional months.a probation detention center is a place you go if you violate your probation, but you haven't done anything that terrible. think of it as a place between jail and prison: worse than jail, not as shitty as prison. total, i did 9 months in custody. it sucked, but a stereotypical skinny white kid pulled through it.after that whole ordeal, i got my 2 year associate's degree in information technology. i've always been a comp nerd. then i got the mcdst certification. these things are okay, but not enough to really build a career on. i worked for minimum wage, until one day out of curiosity i checked out what scholarships/grants i qualified for. it turns out i could pursue a real 4-year bachelor degree from a good university and get paid to do it. so, i did it; i'd have been stupid not to.so far, i have always been a straight-a student. do i have a criminal record? i really have no idea. first offender seals your record automatically; violating that (which i did) unseals it. no company so far has approached me about having a criminal record. either they lied about checking or for some reason it doesn't show up. my offense was over 8 years ago; maybe that makes a difference, i dunno.so now i am 29 years old, in a real college pursuing my first bachelor's degree and making straight a's, and i dunno if i have a criminal record or not, heh. lastly, i'll mention my social life. i have always been a social retard. the handful of people who actually get to know me truly like me, but again, that's a handful of people. i have a lot of acquaintances but no true "friends". nobody i can talk to about my problems, but a lot of people i can just "hang out" with. hence why i post here, looking for anyone's feedback.i finally lost my virginity at 28 years old. i am not an ugly dude, probably a 6 or 7 on a 1-10 scale. but i am socially awkward, so this hurts me. anyway, i finally met a really cute girl that liked me, and we dated for a while. finally lost the v-card last year when i was almost certain i'd die with it. woohoo! unfortunately we broke up after 3 months, but hey, at least i accomplished something socially. hehe.i'll be 30 soon. i've only ever had one girlfriend. i feel like i am in the "leftover" crowd. i can't imagine anyone really wanting to be with me. that one girl was a fluke, but i'm thankful it happened. most of my life i was a christian and "putting my trust in god" gave me a false sense of security. these days i have embraced reason over religion, and i admit that knowing the truth is more painful than deluding myself with false hope. however, i am getting by okay. will sum up the rest of the details in a tl;dr.tl;dr: 29 year old male, spent 9 months in jail in early 20's, not sure if i still have a criminal record, stereotypical skinny white nerd, not ugly but socially awkward, finally lost virginity at 28 to only gf ever, will finally graduate college at 32, no friends, feel like i am a "leftover" for women, live with bachelor father who i get along with, no job but live off $2500/semester (that's after school is totally paid) from grants and scholarships that i get for making a's. give your comments, stories, whatever. am i as pathetic as i feel? can anyone relate?++$++29
so it's a long story, (long to me at least), but i guess i'll tell it here. first i'll start with some background on me. i'm 18 years old, and as of right now, i weigh enough that the scale in my house doesn't even register my weight. it just says e. (i'm guessing i top out at around 350 pounds.) and i'm about 5'9" tall.        now comes the part that's kind of hard to put into words. on august 17th, me and two of my friends were in a car accident that killed one of the passengers involved. the lady went over the median and hit us head on. the accident left me laying in a hospital bed for two months, but somehow while unable to walk or even stand for two months, i lost 125 pounds (which considering i apparently came in at 425 (i didn't even think i was that much) isn't that much). now, after telling all the nurses who helped me throughout the two months that i was gonna go home and keep up the eating habits i had come upon in the hospital, i came home and went back to the fast food and junk food habits i had before the accident.        i've been going to physical and occupational therapy twice a week since a week after the accident, but even then, i still can barely walk 100 feet without my knees feeling like they want to die and my back feeling destroyed. i keep telling myself that i want to lose weight, but that i can't because i don't know what exercise i can get. well, i've decided to toss that excuse away right now and ask fitit if they know of any exercises that i could do in my current condition.        also, just for anyone wondering, a summary of my injuries from the accident that contribute to me not being able to do much exercise:    fractured right radius   broken and dislocated right elbow    broken left femur    fractured and dislocated pelvis (i say dislocated because it ripped away from my abdomen and they had to screw it back in place.)        about the arm injuries, because of them, i only straighten it to within 50 degrees of being straight, and can't turn my hand so that it's palm up.        so hopefully you read this all fitit, and can provide me with some exercises i could possibly do.++$++18
hello, i am 24 years old and live in new jersey. i am currently unemployed and need a job. i have applied to over 15 stores in my area and none are hiring. what am i suppose to do if none of the stores are hiring? what can i do? i need money for rent.++$++24
dosen't seem to be much activity here, so i figured i'd post, y'know, something. any asatruar out there? at all?++$++30
i'm only 20, and i wasn't planning on getting an account, but i was browsing tonight and i found a significant amount of really really cute girls in cities around me. i know on sites like craigslist most of the accounts are fake, is okcupid pretty legit and trustworthy?++$++20
whenever i am scheduled an 8 hour shift, i get really anxious that i just call in sick. i like my job and i dont mind going to work any other time, but if its an 8 hour shift then i dont want to go in. does this happen to any one else? how do i fix this feeling?++$++20
i was raised in a very strict christian household. it wasn't until i was about 19 years old that i decided to finally shed the religious fear out of me and become an atheist. today, i am 23 years old.i have found lots of success after giving up my religion in learning to accept new things that i associated with evil before. but one thing i feel like i still can't overcome is the stigma that sex has around me.it's completely irrational. i know i won't go to hell for it anymore. but i feel like that stigma was ingrained into my mind so deeply when i was young that it's so tough to get rid of, even when i don't believe in the particular deity who despised it in the first place.i think it's for this reason that i'm still a virgin. i just can't bring myself to pursuing sex. strangely enough, i watch porn and masturbate. (as a note, i had to cringe while typing that; it's that sort of sexual repression that makes it uncomfortable to even talk about this issue with friends.)how do i overcome this?++$++23
what's furry on the outside..wet on the inside..starts with a c...ends with a t...and has u &amp; n in-between?a coconut!++$++92
so i had 6 cavities that needed to be filled. i got 3 of them done on thursday. now, usually once the numbness wears off i feel no pain, but it's been 3 days now and my teeth and gums are hurting, plus they are *more* sensitive to sweet and cold then they were before i got them filled. i'm going tomorrow and i'll ask, but does anyone have any idea what could be going on?++$++20
i am going to work on a ranch in argentina for a year after this next summer, and i don't know how to get my visa for that country.  i also don't know which one i have to get.  here is a description of what i will be doing:i am going to be staying on the ranch, working there in exchange for living there, having food, etc. i may end up getting paid a little bit for my work, but i am saving up money just in case i do not.  i will be staying for the duration of a year, and then coming back here and deciding what i want to do from there.  i am 17 years old, and i guess this is my "gap year", but i am not doing it solely for the purpose of going to college after.  if i find something i like, and want to go to college for it, i will.  thanks++$++17
yahoo answers didn't provide a decent answers, and as i know reddit is helpful and awesome, i thought i'd consult you guys.well, as i said i'm a guy, and for a while(at least 3 months) i've been going to the bathroom a lot, urinating 10 times a day(including the times i poo) and pooping 2-5 times a day.you may say i have a fast metabolism, but i am not really skinny(not fat, but also not a 6pack or anything) the solids are usually soft but can be hard as well, and can vary in quantity.i also caught wooping cough in the beginning of december, but the urinating(and possibly the solids) started before that.-edit-i'm 18 years old.so, what's wrong with me? if you want more information, i'll comment back.++$++18
okay, so i own a few solid state drives -- one 32gb and a few others with a smaller capacity than i'm willing to admit. the thing is, i've never noticed a performance incerase by using one (they're all sata 3.2 gb/s drives) compared to my not-particularly-fragmented 7200 rpm hard disk. one of the smaller ones is useless now because it reached its r/w cycle cap before the end of the stress test i was running. i've built several computers before and would consider myself very well-versed in the computer world. so tell me, reddit: what's the big deal?----**edit:** oh, and i should probably mention i'm running a first-generation amd phenom x4 cpu (2.3ghz), have 6 gb of ddr2-800 ram, and an nvidia geforce 9800 gtx. i'm running windows 7 professional x64.++$++19
i'm 24 years old, have played sports for pretty much my whole life (hockey, rugby, baseball, wrestling, track and field) and have never broken a bone. i have had some injuries and times where i thought i may have broken something, but never actually have. i find it pretty amazing that i've been this lucky considering the things i did. just about everybody else i know has at least a broken bone story or two.++$++24
my school had an assembly today where we talked about college and senior year. they also told us that there would be no summer school or zero hour, which were basically the only hope i had left or fixing my grades. all day i've been thinking about how great it would feel to just jump off the roof of that place. after the last time though, i don't want to go in a way that would hurt my parents or make them feel like it was their fault or anything. i couldn't think of any way to make a letter or a video that would actually make them feel ok with it.i feel like i've run out of time to try to get rid of my depression. i don't have time to fix myself and be normal anymore. this is basically the way my life turned out and i don't like the idea of having to stay around for the rest of it.i feel like just leaving home or doing anything to get away from this stuff would be better though because i don't think my family would feel bad. i wish there was just some way i could just close my eyes and just cease to exist in a way that everyone could just ignore.++$++17
i am 22 years old, dating a 26 year old woman for 6 months. we have been using condoms but every once in a while forgo the rubber and have sex, which is amazing. i really hate wearing condoms (they cut off circulation), however my girlfriend does not have healthcare so cannot afford birth control. are there any contraceptive options, short of having my tubes tied (i want to have kids, and putting them back together is expensive), that will be effective?++$++22
i'm sure there's a couple people out there with hiring experience so i want to know: i'm 20 years old, half way through my bachelors degree (currently studying business administration in information technologies at cleveland state). i carry a 3.0 average. i'm also currently working upwards of 50 hours a week as a manager for a fortune 500 company. i like my boss and i believe i have a good chance at continued advancement in the future, if i choose to stay with the company. i'm making decent money (30k/year), and learning a lot of "real life" skills but it's obviously not allowing me to take as many classes as i'd like. i'm out of hours in the day and i figure i could graduate with my degree in 3 more years. that is 6 years total study time for a 4 year degree. would it be a better long term choice to take a pay cut and drop to part time to allow me to push my studies harder and graduate a year earlier? or would it look better to employers if i have many years of work experience in the management team and 6 years worth of schooling for a bachelors degree?++$++20
my girlfriend asked what shape her butt is. i drew a blank and told her she got a pear booty. it was at this point i realized i know no sexy descriptors for a woman's ass.++$++22
i am a recent college graduate, weighing my potential next step. i would really like to attend medical school, however really feel the need to get out of the united states and experience the rest of the world. i am mostly considering spain or italy. does anybody have experience in this matter? how does the education vary in terms of comprehensiveness, the amount of training needed (are residencies required?)? can this be used as a stepping stone to citizenship?++$++22
when someone makes an obscure reference and another person asks what its referring too, about half the time some ass will just say whoosh and won't explain it. the guy who asks for a reference usually gets downvoted and the ass gets upvoted.it's usually the same thing for the nice try, ____.it may have been funny to some people the first few times but now its just annoying.++$++17
i just noticed it's a really large amount for me.++$++17
a man walked out to the street and caught a taxi just going by. he got into the taxi, and the cabbie said, "perfect timing. you're just like brian" passenger: "who?" cabbie: "brian sullivan. he's a guy who did everything right all the time. like my coming along when you needed a cab, things happen like that to brian sullivan, every single time." passenger: "there are always a few clouds over everybody." cabbie: "not brian sullivan.. he was a terrific athlete. he could have won the grand slam at tennis. he could golf with the pros. he sanglike an opera baritone and danced like a broadway star and you shouldhave heard him play the piano. he was an amazing guy." passenger: "sounds like he was something really special." cabbie: "there's more. he had a memory like a computer. he remembered everybody's birthday. he knew all about wine, which foods to order and which fork to eat them with. he could fix anything. not like me. i change a fuse, and the whole street blacks out. but brian sullivan, he could do everything right." passenger: "wow. some guy then." cabbie: "he always knew the quickest way to go in traffic and avoid traffic jams. not like me, i always seem to get stuck in them. but brian, he never made a mistake, and he really knew how to treat a woman and make her feel good. he would never answer her back even if she was in the wrong; and his clothing was always immaculate, shoes highly polished too. he was the perfect man! he never made a mistake. no one could ever measure up to brian sullivan." passenger: "an amazing fellow. how did you meet him?" cabbie: "well, i never actually met brian. he died. i'm married to his f****ing' widow."++$++92
i decided this is the week i sort my life out. my sleep pattern is in pieces. my family are worried about my constant drowsy state. i'm losing contact with all my friends, and i've already drifted from many.i'm a natural procrastinator and i *always will be*. there's no use changing that. i just need to better my time.i feel trapped in my home. i am a perfectly able person. i need not spend all my time bedridden. only leaving for university. i live in **london**. one of the greatest cities on earth. why am i in bed *right now?*i have a dependence on facebook. i've never denied it's absurd but i've always defended it as a social networking tool because it is good at that. so i may not be best buddies with all these people but it's not hurting me to keep in contact because i still like them (well, most of them) and knowing them could benefit me in the long run. they are good people. but they are not worth me wasting my life in bed.and testament to not using facebook, i dont even know what to do now. i'm in bed. its 11am. i dont know how to go about doing something with my day. what is there to do? people are busy with work, or university. i'm not. not today anyway. and i dont know who might be free, because i've just shut myself off from the most popular tool to find such information out. i have a relatively new phone and i havent bothered collecting the numbers of the people i'm determined to keep contact with. i'm blocking myself out of an entire world now. i'm not comfortable with that. i dont think i'll last long without it. i'm saying that now. but i do know, if i havent got plans for today by 12-1, i'm going to get out on my bike and have some fun alone exploring london.i just needed to write this, sorry. i imagine it's a bit much for anyone to actually read.++$++19
my background, briefly: i am 29 years old. never had many friends, sometimes no friends, and i never had a girlfriend until i was 28. i am socially awkward. i am not a very ugly dude, maybe a 6-7 on a 1-10 scale. but the awkwardness and lack of social experience has been crushing to me. i finally got the balls to try alcohol at age 26, and my life changed for the better (i think). here is my experience.for most of my life i did not drink liquor because i was afraid "it would make me stupid." part of this belief was religious mumbo-jumbo (i live in the south us) and part of it was fear of the unknown.finally, at age 26, i was on a cruise ship with some friends and for the 257th time i was rejected by a girl. that's normal for me. however, my friends smuggled a shit-ton of liquor on board and i felt like i wanted a drink. that night, the gates opened, my friends.i only ever drink enough to get "buzzed." being buzzed opens gates for me. i am no longer shy. i will talk to people i don't know. i will approach girls. i will introduce myself to strangers. whether they actually like me or not varies, but the point is, i freaking do something besides sit in a chair and act shy. at age 26, this was a brand new life for me!i actually started dating! yes, i do attribute at least some of this success to alcohol. i became a more open person, girls said yes to me, i went out with them, things were good. finally at 28, i met a girl who really liked me and i lost my virginity (yes she was sober, hehe.) woohoo! i thought it would never happen. i really was convinced that i'd be a 40+ year old virgin. damn glad i was wrong.now, i cannot access alcohol every time a social situation comes up. but i have learned a good bit from being social while buzzed that it really does help me while sober too. i am no longer as socially retarded as i was. i am a new man.are there some concerns with this method? yes, absolutely. the first point goes without saying: reach the buzz, don't over-drink. that is bad on every level. i have only been hung-over 3 times in my life, but that is enough! but there is a concern that is more prevalent: i am only at my social peak when i have alcohol available. while i may have improved without it, i am still socially crippled when i am sober. not as much as before, but the problem still exists.if i get invited to a party/game night/friends's house/whatever, or if i go on a date, i will arrive at the location early so that i can down a drink. it's maybe 4-5 oz. of alcohol. that's not a lot, but for a skinny dude like me, it'll get you buzzed pretty well. i do this for every occasion. so much so that the few friends that i do have do not know the sober me. they have said i am social and an extrovert. the two words, "social" and "extrovert", are totally freaking foreign to me. they really think this about me! and i have alcohol to thank.anyone else have similar experiences to share, or even advice or comments on this? i feel bad because i very rarely enter a social situation without having a drink first. but i also feel good because i experienced my first bit of success while doing it. i still have no close friends and i am still single, but the little bit of success i have had only came after using alcohol to open myself up. thoughts?++$++29
self-taught, not really a beginner but not too good in theory, note-reading, etc. looking for a good beginner jazz guitar book. suggestions?++$++18
i'm 17 years old and lately i feel as though i can't have fun anymore...please share your experiences and insights and let me know what you think i can do to actually have fun and enjoy myself while i'm young. thanks in advance for any comments.++$++17
this is my first time posting in depression, so this might sound a bit.. shitty. i'm 17 years old, live with my dad, and just got out of a 4 month online relationship. when i was a child, for as far back as i can remember, i had a horribly abusive mother. she would physically and psychologically abuse me on a daily basis. instead of a basic punishment, she would rather lie to officials to have me put in a behavioral hospital for about a week or so. i moved in with my dad (who was also very psychologically abused by my mother) when i was 12 years old. it's left me with a lot of scars and personal insecurities, and i'll admit that i've tried suicide twice before when i was 14 and 15, but i don't know if it's right to blame all my depressive thoughts and insecurities over the way my mother treated me. right now i'm depressed because i've realized i have almost zero social life. my best friend is extremely popular and attractive, and people flirt with him all the time. i'm not. i'm overweight and unattractive, and most people just label me as "creepy." i'm not really sure what i'm getting at.. i just want to talk to someone about all my insecurities i guess.++$++17
p.s. throwaway accounti am 17 years old and she is 16.we re-met 4 months ago over facebook and we started talking.  then i realized she plays world of warcraft so i added her on there and eventually it kicks off and we are dating.she always wants to see me and tells me how much she cares about me.  i love spending time with her.  she also always try to come see me and sends me those random i miss you texts. another month goes by and she starts to ignore my text and wont respond on world of warcraft.  so we barely hang out.  i do so much for her and have spent countless amounts of money on her.  changed everything bad about myself that was bad for our relationship. (example being my severe hatred for public affection.  i get over that and kiss her often in public cause she loves it)another month goes by and i start to see a trend she pulls on me.  i see her once a week.now we are at about 3 months into the relationship and i am absolutely in love with her.  but she never wants to talk to me or hang out, she would rather play world of warcraft than hang out with me.  and would ignore me when playing the game. (i play also)well i've brought to her attention on multiple occasions that she is doing this to me, and she argues back and it ends with me sad and apologizing for something she did wrong.well she broke up with me and i am typing this in tears.i've been suicidal since the 9th grade, and tried on multiple occasions to end it all.  i hate my life and everything around it.  she truly brought happiness to my life.  and now i don't have her in my life.  but she wants to pull that we can still be friends bullshit.  so we still have plans to hang out saturday and she wants to cuddle after... even though she just broke up with me.  i also told her i got some more oil so i could give her one a back massage again.  well she declines and says she wants to give me one.  she also said that she doesn't wanna lead me on into thinking we still have a chance at this relationship continueing... that it is completely over.  so i am a in a complete fucking wreck over a girl out of my leagues that i love more than anything in my life.**tl;dr  the girl i love more than anything in world broke up with me.  i am in a complete emotional wreck. then after she breaks up with me tells me she wants to cuddle and do back massages this saturday like we had planned.  while saying she doesn't wanna lead me on that i ever have a chance at getting her back.**++$++17
i'm 20 years old, single, and female. i'm wanting to participate (read: get fucked) in a gangbang. there was another thread a few months ago about group sex, but the girl had a boyfriend.i've been looking at tons of swingers sites, clubs in my area, and *all of them* are 21+. i'm at a loss. i've googled to my heart's content. unfortunately, i live in a midsize southern city without a lot of swingers clubs or sex clubs in general.i was originally going to do craigslist before i saw another post where someone condemned the site. so here i am.any suggestions, you sexy redditors?*edited to add stuff about city*++$++20
first off.. this is not a homework assignment for credit. this is for me to try and get ready for the course material.i have a text file with  this2.30,4.50,3.314.10,5.21,3.907.56,5.42,8.542.98,4.87,4.55(then i am supposed to add something like this after it)customer name, zone code, area code, item weighti am supposed to put the first 4 lines into a two d arraywhich i think i did correctly&gt;     private sub button1_click(byval sender as system.object, byval e as system.eventargs) handles button1.click        dim postage(3, 2) as double        dim row() as string = io.file.readalllines("postage.txt")        dim line as string        dim data() as string        for i as integer = 0 to postage.getupperbound(0)            line = row(i)            data = line.split(","c)            for j as integer = 0 to postage.getupperbound(1)                postage(i, j) = cdbl(data(j))            next        next              end subthen i am supposed to read this ( customer name, zone code, area code, item weight)  and take the zone code and area code something like 1 and 2 then get the appropriate postage and multiple it by the item weight..i am not sure how to do this.++$++26
so, like so many guys , i decided that this semester i wanted to get in shape. so i've cut out soda, fast food, started watching my diet and have been getting to the gym as often as i can.this isn't so much a post asking for motivation, i was getting fat, i want to be less fat, that's all i need, but i'm more so interested in knowing if i'm on the right track with my exercise routine and diet.exercise wise, i've been going to the gym 6 days a week, doing 30-40 minutes of weights + 30 minutes of cardio on monday, wednesday and friday. on tuesday, thursday and saturday, i've been doing 30 minutes of cardio. my weight lifting consists of the usual squats/bench/pull ups (avoiding curls since you all seem to hate them) and nearly all of my cardio has consisted of riding an exercise bike. i would like to start adding in some running, but it's incredibly cold out right now, and the indoor gymnasium isn't always available. the gym i have access too is pretty small, but afaik it has all the equipment i need.diet wise, i've been limiting myself to ~1800 calories a day. in the morning i've been having oatmeal or a small bowl of cheerios. for lunch, i usually whip up some sort of salad or tuna meal, but i've been finding that tomato soup seems to be pretty filling. dinners i've been a bit more lenient, usually opting for one meat item (like a chicken breast), some spinach and some peppers/mushrooms.i figure that at the very least i've made good progress (beginning my third week today, have lost about 4 pounds), but i want to know if there is something i could be doing better.i'm 21 years old and about 5'8'', and weighed about 166 pounds before i started (put on about 15 pounds first semester), but i was definitely filled with more fat than muscle. i want to get my weight down to ~150 pounds, but losing weight isn't my only goal, i just want to be in better shape in general. i don't smoke, i've cut out drinking almost entirely, and i've been pretty good about not breaking down/splurging.i'm used to pushing myself physically (i marched with a div 1 drum corps, if you know what that is), so that isn't really an issue.i feel like i've taken the right first few steps, i just figured i would get your suggestions to see if i've done anything horribly wrong, or if i could improve my routine in any way. any help at all is appreciated :)++$++21
i'm 18 years old, 5'11 and 170 pounds. i'm currently in the process of trying to get stronger and lose some body fat, working out about 4-5 times a week. whenever i go to different sites trying to see how many calories i need per day, i get a different number, some saying 1800-2000, some saying 2300+. i put in the same information in each calculator and i can never get a firm answer.i have a super slow metabolism, used to be about 240 pounds but lost 70 in a span of 2 years or so. i'm afraid of gaining weight again, or even maintaining (i want to lose more weight), but i don't know if i'm getting enough calories to gain some strength as well. how much should i be eating? oh and when i do eat i usually eat lean meats or protein shakes, try to get at least 150+ grams of protein a day. usually avoid carbs except for post-workout. every day is about 1800 calories or so.do i need more carbs? or more calories overall? or am i doing ok?++$++18
which is better on days that you are resting? or maybe a mix of both?++$++18
[http://i.imgur.com/eo9qg.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/eo9qg.jpg)++$++20
basically i'm 20 years old, depressed and have always been at odds with living in the real world. i just want to leave and live in the forest far away from people. how would one go about doing this?++$++20
there are very few times that i've done it with homework and i don't know of a time where i've done it on a test or quiz. still, every time i cheated on a homework assignment i felt guilty and most of the time i just came clean and admitted it to the teacher.when i look back though, i can't help but think i'd have been better off if i did cheat. my grades currently aren't as good as they should be. i only have a 2.7 or 2.8 gpa. i also discovered that i'm slightly retarded after getting my sat scores back yesterday.at any given moment, i can look around my class and see about 2/3rds of the class cheating on a test or homework assignment. when we grade as a class, nearly 100% of the class is cheating.++$++17
the other day i met a girl i hadn't seen in a year or more. we hit it off and i ended up having sex with her. the sex was good, we talked all the next day and hungout for a few hours. i dropped her off where she needed to go. i'm leaving town for a few days on on thursday, and she told me that we, "i should call her before i left." so the next day i text her and ask her what she is doing for the night. shes tells me she not really doing anything and just taking it easy. tonight i call her and she is going to be kinda busy but later she probably can hangout. so i text her later and she tells me she is just gonna go down town for a while and then walk home. this doesn't sound very invitational to me so i text her back telling her that she better not be a weirdo about us hooking up. i figure this disqualified myself mildly and would make her want to show me she isn't. she doesn't respond to this text and about an hour later i call her she picks up then hangs up. at this point i text her again saying "dude you are my friend but i have to tell you, you aren't being friendly right now." no response. her phone may have died or something when i called her.  my questions: 1. i feel like i might have over texted/contacted, is that really enough to ruin someone i've already f-closed? 2. after a hook up how long should one wait before contacting, was one day too early? 3. what is the best route from here? i'm on the verge of nexting her but i don't know if i should. she is cool and i want to hangout again.++$++20
i'm 20 years old, female and have had anxiety my whole life.i haven't been able to keep a boyfriend for longer then 6 months. i've never gone to talk to somebody about it, but i need to and am going to. i met one of the greatest guys a few months ago and i swore to myself i wouldn't show him my anxiety. it worked for awhile but now i feel he is going to run away like the rest of them. i'm so close to getting help for it too. im scared and don't know what to do.++$++20
back story:            i met my wife while she was here in america as an au pair. we met through mutual friends, and became inseparable. she was here for 1 year as an au pair on a work visa, but had to leave. during the last month she was here, i proposed to her and she accepted. we spent the next 9 months working through the fiance visa process and finally getting her back in america. a few weeks later, we had our wedding. we then spent the next few months going through the process to get her a green card, and 6 months later, we had the green card. during that time though, she wasn't allowed to work, so she stayed home mostly, though we signed her up for a few classes, and she was able to bring in some extra cash watching the kids of her old host family. come this past december, we sent her home for a few months (return flight is for this february). we figured since she has her green card she can now work, but before she got a job and it became harder to take vacation, we would send her home and give her some good time with family.            now it's january, and she has stated that she is not 100% sure, but she may not come back. she is very close to her family, and has some younger siblings that she cares very much for. she is torn. i don't want her to hurt, but at the same time, i love her very much. she is beautiful, intelligent, funny, and strong. her first year here as an au pair was tough for her-- she spent the time with a family she did not enjoy at all- so different from her own family and not very loving to her or their own kids. i feel like part of what drew her to me was this fact, although that has since come and gone and we still remain together and love each other very much. the next 9 months to a year that she was here, she was unable to work, and became very bored sitting here at home, while we waited for the green card process. i do make decent money, but living in the area i do, going through the immigration process and supporting her made funds tight. we sent her to classes and we did things when we could. i took the bus to work so she could have my car. even with this, times were tough for her stuck at home with not much to do, no job, and not much for school (only when we could afford it). this soured her experience even more. but now we have the green card and opportunities have opened up. she can work, which means we can bring in more money, which means we can send her to school, maybe (if necessary) get a second card, and because of work and school she has an opportunity to meet more people.            but it looks like this may not be enough. she has said a few times that why should she leave her family if i am not willing to do the same. this brings me to my main point. i will be turning 31 in april. for most of my life, i have experienced my share of anxiety and depression. the idea of moving to germany scares me, a lot. although i have done pretty good for myself-- i have virtually no debt: a school loan which will be paid off next month, and a car. i have never owned a home. yet the idea of moving brings a lot of what-ifs into my head. yes, i am that type of anxious person: what if. what if it doesn't work out, and i have to come back in a few years. how far have i set myself back in my career? what if we have kids and it doesn't work out? the plan is to obviously figure that out before we have kids.          now about living in germany. any americans here living in germany? my other fear is that i will be trying to get a job, competing with germans in a country where i don't speak the language. that isn't to say i can't or won't learn-- i will, but it will be a long while before i can speak and market any sort of german speaking skills. the only thing i have going for me is that i have on my resume my current employment which is for a large multinational software company. they have positions in germany, but none of which i am experienced in. i am worried about having a stable income in germany and providing for a family.          i worry a lot, i know. i have often said i need a change of pace, and to do something different with my life. i feel like my anxiety is a bit debilitating, and keeps me from fulling experiencing life.         anyway, i love her very much and do not want to lose this wonderful woman. i spent last christmas with her and her family in germany and i fell in love with all of them.          what do you say reddit? i will take any comment/advice on anything above: relationship, living/working in germany as a foreigner, anxiety, anything. thanks in advance.        edit1: thanks to everyone who responded. although i fear the risk and the move, it sounds like the experience gained will be well worth it. i will definitely take some of you up on your offers to pm. i do have questions for some of the german natives, and the americans who have moved over. germany is a beautiful country and in a perfect situation, i would go in a heartbeat. moving past the debilitating anxiety is step 1, and doing something like this, giving living in germany a shot i think would be good for me. thank you everyone.++$++30
a little context is required to understand the situation, of course:my girlfriend and i have been dating for coming up on 4 years (i'm 24 years old). we started dating in college and have taken jobs on opposite sides of the country after graduation.she is going back to school for her graduate degree in the next year and wants it to be a joint decision where she goes; ie she wants us to move in together in this next life step. she has explicitly told me that she wants to marry me and i know that if we make this step of moving in together marriage seems like it would be the next logical step - in fact it would seem stupid to move in together without proposing as the sacrifices we would both make (her in her choice of school and me quitting my fairly good job).anyways, obviously i don't know what to do. i love her and on one hand i can see myself marrying her and being with her forever but on the other hand i feel like i'm still young. i want to go have fun, meet other women, and enjoy my youth while i still have it. also, i'm finding myself not as sexually attracted to her as i used to be, which i know is very normal after being together for a while, but still.anyways, any comments or advice would be greatly appreciated. would really like to hear from some people that maybe were in a similar situation or from some married people about how they felt about their so before marriage/how they knew it was time or they were the "one".++$++24
it seems almost like people view my coffee drinking habits as an alcohol addiction or something. i often hear things like "you really drink it *black*?" or "you're having *a second* cup of coffee? jesus!"am i alone in this? i don't see the problem with enjoying coffee.++$++24
i'm 20 years old and i currently look like a kid in a 14 year old body. i've always had a feeling the cause of my current physical appearance is due to my lack of sleep during highschool years (4-5 hours a night, i had a game addiction back then). could someone clarify if this amount of sleep made a huge impact on my growth during puberty?++$++20
earlier this week i got the absurd idea that i am going to run either a half marathon or a full marathon on april 10th in dallas. tonight i ran 8 miles and feel awesome--i really think i could have done quite a bit more. i'm not going to sign up for either until late march, but do you think its conceivable that i could be ready for the full marathon by then?a little more info about myself to help people answer. i'm 21 years old, 155lbs, and am an extremely self motivated person. when i set a goal, i meet it. i played soccer from the age of 6 to 17, so i already know a thing or two about training, and my legs and core are already quite strong. i lift regularly, and can rep 365 for squat, and 195 for bench (though for marathon training i'm thinking itd be best to do high rep, low weight).++$++21
this is a throwaway account. i have been a devoted redditor for two years and i would like your opinion based not on my comment history or posts but rather on a blank slate. i am becoming very uncertain of my future. this is leading me to become more and more depressed and withdrawn every day. i am 22 years old and graduated from a pennsylvania state university last may with a major in history and a minor in political science. i always wanted to go to law school but have, through numerous conversations with attorneys, professors, and people wiser than i, realized that becoming a lawyer at this point in my life is not a good direction. this is based on both ideological and financial reasons.i want to see the world but am piss-poor working as a server at a restaurant chain and living at home with my parents. i save every penny i make but i have a girlfriend and hopefully some can relate to the fact that women are expensive, regardless how low maintenance they seem to be. she is in the same financial position as i am. we love each other and want to stay together but i don't know what the hell i'm going to do with my life and by extension with her. i want to travel and see the world, have adventures, live and have stories for my children. i don't believe in picking a direction and pounding away at it for 40 years to retire at a ripe old age too old to do anything worth living for. i like the idea of change and instability, vagabonding if you wish to call it that. but this doesn't mix with the idea of having a family, or at least having kids.i feel like i'm having a quarter-life crisis and it feels terrible. i'm constantly weighed down by the idea that i have no clue what i want to do. i love the outdoors and work with at-risk youth doing wilderness therapy as well as serve. it pays peanuts compared to my restaurant job and sometimes i wonder how anyone can survive doing just that without having a second job. i've considered going back to school but i honestly don't know what i'd go for. the idea of me going back for the sake of going would be a similar decision as going to law school just to go. basically i am torn between just saving up some money and escaping for as long as that money lasts to some other country, or figuring out how to acquire vast amounts of currency in a short amount of time. neither of these two choices really have a direction but the former is probably more feasible though less economically realistic than the former. i just want to hear what you can tell me. any advice is welcome.i just need to vent and listen to what people that i don't personally know have to say. if you have any questions or want further information just ask and i'll add it in edits. **edit** i sincerely appreciate everyone's input. thank you and if you have any other advice i would love to hear it. this is why i love reddit, the sense of community is unmatched anywhere else except maybe 4chan but for way different reasons.++$++22
so this is my first post here and i apologize if it is long. i am 21 years old, and i have been overweight for a good number of those years.  it has always been something that has bugged me, but i haven't ever been able to do much about it. the problem is, that in addition to wanting to do this for physical reasons, my health is a major concern.  both of my parents have diabetes as well as several other members of my family.  i have been told by doctors that i should really try to reduce my weight, in order to decrease my risk.  it hurts to think that my weight may significantly impact my life.  the thing is, every time i tried to eat better it never lasted longer than a couple of days.  a little over a week ago, i downloaded an app for my driod (myfitnesspal) that tracks calorie intake and sets a goal for you.  after toying with it a little, i have decided to commit to this once and for all. i went out and bought a scale (there wasn't even one in my house before).  the initial weigh-in was rough.  though i was not surprised, it was not a number i liked seeing.  219lbs at 5'8" is not something i am comfortable with.  this little program makes things so simple for me.  i plugged in my information, my goals, my activity level, etc, and it created a plan for me.  i have been on a 1410cal/day plan, with exercise 30min twice weekly (i pretty much always do more than that, its just with my busy life i didn't want to estimate too high).  i have managed to stick to it fairly strictly (with the exception of 150cal over the night of my friend's birthday), and i am already feeling a lot better about myself.   one thing is, i am a vegetarian, so it makes meal planning a little bit harder.  in addition to that, i am a full time college student who lives at home.  although i live at home, i still buy almost all my own groceries.   can you suggest any healthy, vegetarian, inexpensive meals? at this point, i'm still very committed to this, but there's still this little part of me that fears i will fail for yet another time.  the one thing that helps is that after 8 days, my scale read 212.4.   i was absolutely shocked. the plan i am on estimates about 2lb/week weight loss, and this was definitely unexpected.  i had to step on and off the scale about 5 times before i would believe it.  my boyfriend is very supportive and knows that this is something i really need to do for myself, so that is also helpful.  honestly, i haven't told anyone in my family. do you have any tips on making sure i stay focused with this?i go to the gym and mostly do cardio (biking, elliptical, treadmill) at least twice a week, usually about an hour.  is this okay, or should i mix it up with other sorts of work-outs? overall, is there any advice you can give me, or even just share some personal stories?  i am sorry if this was long or too rambling, it has been a long day.  thanks! :)++$++21
it was of a guy that got "sup" from some girl over facebook, then for three panels he had the longass mustache on (the thinking one) and then he said nm u.idk why but i found that hilarious and i kinda wiped my bookmarks and i don't have the thread saved soooo yeah++$++15
the more you know.*rainbow*++$++24
i'm 20 years old, i've only held one job for about six months and now i need a new, better one. the only problem is that every decent place i could apply to requires you to submit a resume. i don't know how to make one, especially with the bleak job history i have. any tips or help would be greatly appreciated, because my bank account is running out and hard times are ahead.++$++20
alright so i am 16 years old and i just guess that my school hasn't covered much over the differences and view-points of republicans and democrats (i am in u.s. history right now next year is government) and i would like to learn what their views are and what qualifies one as democrat or republican the main things i don't know are:* what are the religious view-points of each party?* why do each parties despise each other so much?and any other interesting facts about the parties please help me reddit xd++$++16
yes/no, why? i think he's worth a minimum of $3m per season even if he only played 45 games in the last two season (including this one). thoughts?++$++32
i am 24 years old, 5'3, 120 pounds. i suppose that might, on most bmi charts, say that i am at a healthy weight. however, i know that due to a few years of drinking and eating poorly, i have the "spare tire and saddlebags" that we women dread. two or so months of diet and exercise and i feel and look better than i have in quite some time, but i see little to no difference in those two crucial (if you don't mind me calling aesthetics "crucial") places. my arms are getting sculpted and my legs and upper abs are stronger than ever, but that mid-region, nothin'! a family member of mine, who has no formal training but a phenomenal body, told me yesterday **"hey, you always lose it last where you gain it first."** i'd never heard that before, but now i feel like, "duh, you idiot." how did i never put that together?so, loseit, would you agree? do you always lose fat last where you gain it first?(if so, barf)++$++24
(this posting turned out to be a lot longer than i planned.  sorry!)**background**i'm 33 years old and have been out of shape for about 10 years.  previously i was in moderately-decent shape due to being a serious martial arts student for six years.  i presently weigh 250 lbs. with about 30% body fat.  i am a very stocky, naturally muscular guy with broad shoulders with an endomorph body structure.  i'm an it guy by profession and get very little exercise at work.**goals**my goals are: &lt;14% body fat by july and able to run 2-3 miles @ 6 min mile pace by the end of 2011. **recent efforts to get into shape**i started hitting the gym three days a week about a month ago.  for the past three weeks, i've also been on a restricted calorie diet (i consume about 900 kcal/day).  it's not a low-carb diet, the calories are pretty balanced, with a slightly higher amount of protein than a typical american diet.  in the past four weeks, i've dropped 15 lbs. and 4% body fat.**cardio**when i started, i was doing 20 minutes on the treadmill at a fast walk (3.4 mph).  i am now up to 40 minutes @ 3.7 mph with a 2.5-3.5 degree incline.  i can't go any faster without breaking into a jog/run so i use the incline to control my heart rate.  my theoretical max heart rate is 187 bpm.  i normally keep it at 155-160 (82-85% of max) throughout the 40 minutes.* reading around on the internet, i've learned that i shouldn't be working at 85% of my max heart rate if i want to lose weight and/or increase my cardiovascular health.  at that rate, i'm training in the [anaerobic zone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anaerobic_exercise) and working harder than i should be.  however, if i go any lower, i don't feel that i'm working.  i barely sweat and can easily carry on a conversation even at 85% max heart rate.  any advice/comments?* if i increase the treadmill speed to the point in which i need to run, my heart rate quickly jumps to over 170 bpm (&gt;90%).  i can only maintain that for about 3 minutes before i want to die.  my goal is shrink my gut and lose another 40-or-so lbs. before i upgrade my stride from "fast walk" to "run."++$++33
[google](http://imgur.com/mrxwm) right now has the coolest logo and i wanted to figure out how to do that.also are there any tutorials..++$++26
hi, i'm abroad, in an internet cafe, on vacation, and using tor. i just want to vent a little.i am 32 years old.here is my issue, i am about to start working for intelligence services for my government, and they asked me to go through a "cleaning" period for several months now. basically i was not allowed to work or have too much social life (no dating, seeing friends as less as possible) in order to "clean" my profile before starting work. i'm not gonna be anything fancy, just office work, but maybe on very sensitive issues.my future bosses told me to "fake" looking for a job and pretend i could not find any for months ...problem is: for several months now i have been lying to my family and friends, my family thinks i am unemployed (technically i am) and just lazy, and i haven't seen my friends in months (i have been avoiding them, telling 'em lies) and worse: i have two girls which i love who are pursuing me and i am rejecting/avoiding them because i cannot get into a relationship now...it sucks. so i went on vacation, and i am at this internet cafe, and wanted to vent. it sucks.i've lost the respect of some members of my family because they don't understand why i can't find a job in 6 months ! i have a very very good resume, but the job i can get soon is amazing and my dream, so i made this sacrifice.was it worth it? how can i recover from that?++$++32
http://www.eminenceonline.com/index.html++$++17
recently bought a mat that turned out to be very slippery when doing yoga (vinyasa). what are some trick i could use to avoid slipping?++$++20
im 20, female. they broke my passenger window and ripped my radio out. ive been complaining all day that i dont have my radio anymore, just joking around, im not that distraught over it. but i do need another one. well, my little sisters boyfriend (18) asked if i wanted to pay 34 dollars for a radio. he said that he gets a discount with where he works and said that he would split the cost with me because he really thinks it sucks that it happened to me. i dont know what to do. im always the one who turns down offers like that because i feel its an inconvenience, but i need a radio and i have no hours at work and ill be starting school soon, i wont have any money for awhile. advise?++$++20
so i love the thing, it's perfect! took like two trenches worth and i'm bad. so questions- i know how when it gets very golden brown, (but not black) that means your done with the trench, but how many hits/battery uses does it take you guys? i think it took me like 5 or 6 per trench.also, how much smoke do you blow out from it? i only blowed a little, but i guess i suppose that's because it's just vapor and it's not as thick. also, just on a side note, i'm kind of new with physically handling all the weed on my own (usually friends pack bowls etc.) so are the big stems on the very bottom usually the only stems people worry about when separating?one more question- my grinder didn't grind it up fine enough so i had to crush it in my hands- it has to be reallyyyyy finely grained right??but my main concern: i put everything back in the metal case, batteries, machine everything. then 15 minutes later the tin storage box is hot- real hot. i open it to find condensation inside!!! 2 of the recharbale batters were so hot like on fire. i dont know why!!! 1 was the battery i didn't even use!!! isn't that freaky? was it because it was metal on metal??? wtf??? and the tops of the batteries are burnt!!! okay so what could this have been and should i toss those batteries out?thanks guys, sorry for all the fucking questions. my mind is like on meth right now- bad head high from sativa and mflb haha. so i'm sorry for so many questions but help an ent out!!++$++20
dearest reddit. as sad as it may be, you are the only one i can talk to. my life has been nothing, but a clusterfuck of misery. i am 16 years old, male. i am convinced i will die alone. to start things off, my absolute best friend of 10 years has stabbed me in the back. we have been friends since grade 1, but he moved 2 years ago. we've been talking online and such, but he took apart our friendship, in a way so stupid and selfish i do not want to say it.i've had one true friend that is a girl. her and i talked every day, and helped each other with everything. i did not fall in love with her, but i did appreciate every single day she had spent with me. one day, she just literally removed me from her life. she deleted me on aim, she blocked my number. she deleted me off facebook, and took me out of her life. i've known her for 2 years, but she cut me out of her life 6 months ago.i have no dad. when i was only 10 years old, he just left. he has a new girlfriend, and i hate both their guts.lastly, my [ex] girlfriend. her and i were together for 18 months, in a long distance relationship. we've literally spent the past year and a half talking to each other every day. we'd plan silly things like what kind of house we would live in, and all these other things. she meant a lot more to me then words can describe. we broke up one week ago. yesterday, she requested that we completely forget about each other, and forget this ever happened.what is wrong with me, reddit? everyone that i meet, kicks me  out of their life. life isn't fair. you can't just walk into someone's life, have them care about you, have them love you, appreciate you, respect and trust you, then leave.give me one good reason to live reddit.or i will kill myself.++$++16
hi therei am a non programmer trying to get through a hard and harsh life :-) i'd like to look for a job but in order to do that i have to look in a lot of various job databases among other things. it occurs to me that maybe i could make some sort of script that would help me do just that ? maybe even take the result and put it into a database/webpage which i don't have yet but was thinking about making ? can some benevolent programmer help a poor slowbrained type, such as myself, do just that ? :-)or maybe just point in the right direction ?thank you so much for your help++$++21
i drive a stupid little '97 ranger (6 cylinder) and the thing just eats gas.  i bought it almost 3 years ago, and i've put more money into it that i would have liked, but alas, it runs really well still and gets me from a to b.  i am a full-time college student who commutes to campus 5 days a week.  round trip, it's about 42 miles.  work is about 20.  boyfriend is 30, best friend is 50, etc.  none of my friends live within 10 miles of me, some as much as an hour away, so i hardly get to see them due to not being able to afford that much gas.  i get about 17-18mpg *highway*.  i have a crappy part-time job and i'm paying roughly $250/mo just on gas, and that's not even factoring in the currently raising gas prices.  i'm really getting tired of how much this is costing me, but buying a better vehicle isn't really an option for the time being.   i have been told that a tune up (changing spark plugs, filters, etc) would help a little, but it did diddly squat when i did it a year ago, so i'm hesitant to do that again just yet.  i don't drive very aggressively, and i've been trying to be conscious of my acceleration, but it doesn't do much.   i know there's no easy fix, and trucks are going to get horrible mileage regardless, but this shit is driving me crazy.  *any* advice?tl;dr, my truck is a pos.++$++21
got my second 6850(his) and i decided to crossfire them. install it, put the bridge, boot up. everything loads up good, but i notice that it only shows one video card up, my original xfx 6850. the his is not being detected. i decide to do a clean driver uninstall, and install again. same thing happens.i remove my xfx 6850, and put the new one in. card is not doa. i am writing this using the card. however, it is not being detected as a 6850. it shows up under device manager as "video controller (vga compatible)". i've uninstalled and reinstalled all drivers twice, and that has not worked. using device manager, i have not found any driver. when i restart windows, ccc pops up and says that i have no ati card installed.any other tests i can do to try to fix this before i rma the thing?card was brand new. edit: fixed.flashing the new card with the xfx bios got it to work.++$++20
i'm 18 years old and my parents just announced me they were separating. doesn't change much for me, but i don't really know how to react. i don't even know if i really want to submit this...anyway, anyone got tips on how to cope with it?edit: ah forgot, sis got in a car accident and my birthday is on the 30th++$++18
are they really terrible? i've been told that a resume should never exceed a page but i'm finding it difficult to squeeze everything onto one... i'm 22 years old and have been working since i was 16. i do not list every single job i've had, but i do list some of my professional experiences (i've freelanced a lot) and two tech/secretarial jobs i've held at school... plus a part-time job held from 2005 until earlier this year. i'm wondering if the length of my resume has been holding me back from getting interviews.edit: [here's a link to my resume](http://www.myimagehosting.com/show-18329j7l4e-127644.html) in pdf formatedit 2: i realized once i posted this that i did not specify what i was applying for. i'm looking for any jobs in the photography field; head or assistant photographer jobs, retouching, photo editor positions, studio assistant, basically anything that is related to the field. i have some more specific questions;1. my career counselor told me to remove "references available upon request" from my resume, is that a bad idea?2. my counselor also told me to include a "bio" of myself, which i think is silly (am i wrong?)3. should i include the blurb under my "freelance experience" section?4. i've heard that "artist resumes" are slightly different from others, i'm wondering if i should include all the gallery shows i've been in (there are 3)thank reddit &lt;3!++$++22
i want to practice my art work so i am taking requests to draw anything.++$++19
this is one of the very, very few redditors that i remember by name.  it's been over a year since he's posted and his account has since been deleted. to give you a sense of his genius:&gt;    bozarking 76 points 22 minutes ago[-]teehee! they're probably brother and sister or something, making it nonsexual and silly.&gt; once my sister came home from college and sneaked into my room to surprise me as i was fapping to a solo abbywinters scene and i heard her go "ooh she's cute!" as she placed her hand on my cock which immediately came from the shock/fight or flight response to being caught. she laughed so hard she had to chew on her t-shirt to avoid mom and dad coming in the room to see what was going on, then she put it in her hair and went "i'm cameron diaz!".and...&gt; thank you, yes i did find two girls 1 cup disgusting. as you can tell what i am attracted to is the struggle and subsequent relief not scat itself. the struggle was entirely lacking in 2g1c, it was obvious the girls took laxatives and stool softeners beforehand cause it came out like soft serve ice cream. the ideal bowel movement for me to watch would be ones where the stool takes a "comet" formation wherein the bulk of the mass and roughage is located in a large ball at the front that they have to struggle and stretch out their anus to pass and the rest erotically wriggles out like a rubbery/slimey snake. it would be incredible to be able to have a slo-mo tape of a girls contorting struggling and finally relieved elated face as the comet head passes and the snake wriggles out. anyone who has watched the end of a sybian video where the girl cums sighs, laughs, and staggers around rubber legged knows what i am getting at. right now the only thing close to scat porn i watch are analacrobats.com type videos, that use bouncy balls and rubber spiky nerf type balls etc. most scat vids give you disgusting closeup views of her anus as the shit comes out, i don't wanna see that. they really should make movies where neon colored hot cake batterish bags of paste (with chopped peanuts for roughage) are emptied into a girls anus and left to congeal and she then has to force it out and rub it all over herself. (she would take a pre video colonic to ensure no actual scat) my ideal video would be a lesbian orgy vid where a girl has a pound or two of skittles funneled into her ass which she then shits into another girls asshole (the other girl gaped herself with a huge buttplug) who then shits it into another girl, etc. etc. i'm thinking lexi belle, bree olsen, sasha grey, stoya, gianna michaels, faye regan, chapel waste, aurora snow, alexis love, tanner mayes and jenna haze. of course they are all oiled up as well.[more here...](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/afr4p/shyness/c0hcmui)++$++33
a little background on me. i am 40 years old. throughout the first 20 years of my life, i was the fit athletic type, blessed with a high metabolism and the ability to stay pretty ripped with minimal effort. played football from 7th grade on. i ran in track, played basketball, etc. joined the army after that, and routinely ran 5-7 miles a day. back then i was a pretty hard 190lbs. i could literally go to someplace like pizza hut and eat 10 slices of pizza for lunch and not gain a lb.went back to school, got married had a family and got that good job i had been dreaming of, in it at age 27. coming from a latin background, food is a big deal in my family, and over the years my grandma and mom taught my wife how to make all my favorite dishes, and she is a damn good cook. by 27, in 1997 i was around 250. still, i maintained some semblance of athleticism, playing basketball often and was still pretty fast and agile, considering. i could still dominate a pickup game or two.years go by, making good money, had my own office, what else could you want? i am sure many of you know this story. gained 40lbs my first few years working a desk job, going to lunch with the "guys" every day, hitting the lunch specials and buffets as a social thing. having vendors come in and take us it guys out to big lunches hoping to get us to buy their latest and greatest. it was great times. good friends and good time to be in it.2009: here i am 12 years later, now i feel like that desk job that i thought was so great is killing me. after years of such a sedentary job, my energy levels dropped to basically nill. in 2008 i weighed 318lbs, i was eating less  than i did at any time in my life. still couldn't go down in weight.march of 2009: i was driving to work at 6am, and was in a major accident. broke my back in 3 places. spent 11 days in the hospital and was in a back brace for 2 months, basically immobile. after the brace came off, my back was so painful that walking more than 50 yards was excruciating. i lost pretty much all cardio over the next year that it took my back to heal. at the end of that time i was 370lbs.now: slowly, my back started feeling better, and the first of this year i decided to do something drastic. on jan 11th, at 372lbs i started a 750 calorie a day  diet. as of this morning i am 357lbs, which in case you don't want to do the math, is 15lbs in 10 days. the first few days were hell, i am not going to lie. but i am pretty pumped up by seeing some results.my breakfast consists of a handful of dried fruit and an ounce or two of dried beef jerky. lunch is aprox. 300 cals. dinner 400 cals.my hope is to lose 50lbs and then re-evaluate. my hope is also that with 50lbs off, it will give me the jump start i need to help get back some cardio and start a somewhat aggressive workout program.what i do know, is that after losing only 15lbs, can feel my energy levels coming up (laziness levels going down?) and i can already feel some noticeable relief on my back. it is going to be a hard road, but i figured i would share here. lots of inspiring stuff going on here. thanks for listening! p.s. i can't believe this reddit id wasn't taken!tl;dr: i used to be fit and athletic and over 20 years got fat and lazy. at 372lbs started a 750 calorie/day diet, and have lost 15lbs in 10 days.edit: thanks for the responses folks!. i am going to see my doctor next week, just on general principles to be sure she has no major obejctions to what i am doing. as of this morning (1/22/11) i am at 355, so 18 lbs down and a long ways to go. one thing i have decided to do, after some more reasearch and reading is to do 6 days at 750 calories, and then one day of 2000 calories with some more carbs and fairly normal diet. not binging, however. that gives a little mental relief, and from what i have found, it seems like it keeps your metabolism up to cycle like this.++$++40
you know the old saying, "if you love something, let it go, and if it was meant to be, it will come back to you." i must admit, i think this statement no longer holds true. it's a different day and age people, a time of war and crime, violence and poverty, sadness and grief all over the world including our own homes. i think this motto needs to be changed to, "if you love something, hold on to it with all your will and might, protect it under lock and key, fight for what's yours every second of every day, for you never know if on this day somebody will steal what is yours, or worse yet destroy what you love." it's sad to say that it seems hope for humanity has greatly diminished in the last 30-50 years. peace turned to war, love turned to hate, comfort turned to greed. granted all of this was present then as well, but in this year, two thousand and eleven, it runs rampant on nearly every street corner in any city you can spin a globe and drop a finger on. i am completely confident when i say, while i'm not part of the solution, this world is on a mag-lev train to hell while everybody sips on their fuckin mocha frappe caramel latte tall espresso shooter. nothing is free, nothing is easy, and whether you want to believe it or not, somebody somewhere has the ability to watch your every single move every minute of every day. i'm disgusted with society. i hate a large percentage of people that i meet, and wish i had not made their acquaintance. i can only retain my sanity by staying inside away from the crazy killing psychopathic greedy money hoarding herds of american society. so as i said, hold on to what's is yours, and if you love it, don't let it go, cuz it will disappear in a puff of smoke that is society burning itself to the ground from the inside out.++$++22
do i stop working my right and let my left catch up?  or maybe stop using dumbbells and use barbells instead?++$++33
throwaway.i'll try to be brief but i could really use some input, please.i think i'm losing myself. i know who i am (or was), i know my goals and i have so much passion and drive for the future. i've always been an extremely determined person who worked hard to accomplish any challenge. i was that level headed person everyone went to for advice. i felt good and alive, i never thought twice about anything.i don't know what happened but i'm just not me anymore. i don't sleep. i get 2 or 3 hours at the most when i try. i've tried sleeping pills and i wake up 3 or 4 hours after i pass out. its like i've almost developed an anxiety or fear of sleeping, i can't even comprehend how or why. i've completely killed my social life, people don't want to be around someone who just isn't there anymore. i don't do drugs, i drink every so often, i'm a full time student and i've worked the same job for 3 years. recently- work has gotten horrible. people treat me differently, they can tell i'm not happy and they give me trouble just to spite me (or maybe i'm imagining that and i'm going insane).having a conversation these days is a huge burden, this is a new feeling as well. i feel like i could just live in my bed for the rest of my life and i would be okay with it. i have this constant anger and anxiety hovering over me as well. i can feel it pumping through my vein. i got the shingles a few months ago and i'm 21 years old. it feels the same except everywhere now. i can't even breathe well. what in the hell is wrong with me? i've tried talking to friends and family but they seem so indifferent about it. i think my friends just avoid me now- rightfully so. my mother (who is a nurse), relates it to medicine or doesn't take it seriously at all. that only makes me more angry. i wish she would take this as alarming, but she doesn't seem to care. i went to a therapist briefly to help me through my past. i grew up with an abusive father who has been in and out of my life since i can remember. he loves to make the most dramatic exits. he also has boarderline personality disorder, he's schizophrenic, a hoarder, &amp; narcissistic. my brother who got the worst of him is also very similar to my dad. my mom refuses to defend me or take the situation seriously between my brother and i. my brother indirectly threatened to kill me. we're still okay though? at times? or its all to put on a show, i don't know the difference anymore.what in the hell is wrong with me and how can i fix this? i'm on my own with this and i've never been more lost.i just want to be able to sleep, and to feel relaxed, to actually smile and feel like myself. i want the anxiety feeling in my nerves to go away. i don't want problems- i'm never aware that i create them with people. help?edit:i literally just begged my mom to help me and she told me to fix it myself. i feel like i don't have anyone in my life and i don't think i can "fix" whatever is going on. go to a doctor? and say what? more pills? great. feeling loved and supported? oh, no need for that. edit: thank you all so much for the advice and support. i will respond as much as i can before heading in to work. all of your comments were really thoughtful, nice, and honest, thank you.++$++21
so, went to the dentist last year, guy said i had 23 cavities. just to note, i was in no pain, and still am in no pain. only had enough insurance to get about half of them (the top half to be precise) filled. waited for my insurance to refill, came back today. guy says i have two more cavities, plus the 12 remaining, for a total of 14 left. but i've been thinking. i went a year, no pain. my teeth look good, feel good. i can swish ice water and hot coffee in my mouth with no sensitivity, no pain. even my breath is pretty fresh.background on my general health/diet. i do not drink soda, except in small amounts as part of the occasional mixed drink. i rarely (maybe once every couple of months) drink juices. i don't do sugary junk foods, hard candies, anything. water, black coffee, black tea. i brush daily, use mouthwash every other day,  floss 3-4 times a week. sure, not perfect obsession with oral health, but not completely neglectful. my teeth are not particularly stained or browned, so i'm not thinking i have particularly soft teeth. i do smoke.what. fucking. gives. i know what causes cavities. i am not engaging in any particularly risky behaviors. why the hell do i have so many cavities? is this guy ripping me off? should i get a second opinion? if not, what could possibly be causing this?edit: i'm 30 years old.edit: wow! frontpage! thanks everyone!++$++30
how do i encourage self growth and improvement without being so mean about it? some backround....my girlfriend and i have been dating for about a year and a half.  she does not have her high school diploma.she is almost 20 years old.all she has to do get get the actual diploma (not ged) is attend an hour or two of class.she has a job that is only giving her 12 hours a week. she lives with her grandma, rent-free.i am 21 years old. i have a high school diploma and am working on getting my bs in biology.i have two part time jobs.i don't know any other facts pertaining to my situation so here is my question.how do i encourage her to finish high school and move onto some type of schooling after?  or atleast find another job?i feel like she is just going to continue to not do anything with her life and i can't be around that because i will feed off of it.  the only way i have been able to try to convince her is by telling her how hard her life will be and how she won't be able to live comfortably and not paycheck to paycheck.  am i just completely closed minded in this situation by believing education and schooling is number one, then the easy stuff comes after?i love this girl, she is an awesome, kind and beautiful person.  but my fears of dragging along some girl while i try to better myself and make my place in this world are pushing me away.  i really don't know what to do.  i opted out of making a throwaway just because i'm genuinely dumbfounded.  if she reads this maybe my seriousness will be multiplied.i really don't know.i have tried positive and negative reinforcement, but nothing has yielded results.  it seems like i'm here trying to help her and all she is doing is saying "nah".++$++21
i've been running for a couple months now and i'm at the point where i do at least half an hour at 6mph 3-4 days a week. 27 yrs old, 5'7", around 140 lbs.i've been pretty skinny my whole life and i fought it for a little while but i've gotten comfortable with having the body of a teenager. i feel like i was built to run, lifting has always felt awkward for me. at this point i just want to be fit and healthy, not too concerned about building up giant muscles. i really just want to push the running and mix in some basic lifting with it. i'm trying to stick to a rough 50 carb, 25 fat, 25 protein diet which is recomended for runners.i have free weights and i'm not going to a gym.what would be some good general advice for a distance runner on lifting?++$++27
what are some books or websites that i could read on living a minimalist lifestyle that stresses sustainability? or perhaps some easy tips (such as cutting your own hair or selling your car and using public transportation)++$++20
i'll give a little back ground for you;* i have type 2 ehlers-danlos syndrome* i'm 19 years old edit: well it's my birthday now, cool.* i am a freshmen in college alright, hopefully this attracts a lot of interest, i know there are somepain doctors on the boards and i'd love to get them involved. a lot of people with this condition don't ever get a proper diagnosis and live in a lot of pain as a result.edit: (explanation)eds is a connective tissue disorder. the symptoms are caused by a defect in the synthesis of collagen. i'm prone to dislocations, my skin is 'elastic', i'm flexible, etc. my body has little support, so my back causes me incredible pain. i've also got arthritis already. i've also got(it is semi common with eds) arnoldchiari malformation, basically a small part of my cerebellum extends downward and puts pressure on my spinal cord causing syringomyelia which is a cyst, sort of, in my spine. some variations can cause severe vascular problems resulting in a very early death(usually by age 25 or so), i am not at that high of a risk for those types of complications.++$++19
i'm looking to attend uic this fall as a theatre major. does anyone have things to say about it? advice? words to get me even more excited?++$++18
what it boils down to is this. probably gonna be a lengthy posti am 20 years old and living with bi-polar disorder as well as anxiety.ive dropped out of college i was attending for computer science and im living at home in a community about 1-1 1/2 hours away from the college i went to.the majority of my friends are either still up at that college or are attending different colleges.since ive left school ive dealt with nothing but emotional abuse from my parents about how "i am a waste to society and do nothing but sit on the computer all day". meanwhile im still pushing to teach myself programming as well as other concepts with computers because its still a major field im interested.my parents seem to think im lying and this is all a lie to make myself feel better.another big issue with them is with my criminal history.i have only been arrested once. last year in august for theft and recieving stolen property. throughout the past few months they have told me on numerous occasions that "they want me to rot in jail" and things of the sort, when in actuality the case is almost settled with all charges being dropped since i have paid all restitution.the majority of my issues comes from the constant mental abuse about my so called "life style" and "crowd of people i associate myself with"i messed up once...im not a bad person and surround myself with men of character, especially at college i joined a fraternity just because they proved to me they were, right along with their motto.what everything boils down to is my parents are litterally driving me to the point of suicide.ive considered it before a few times but never went through with it.im on medication and attend therapy but i am in no financial situation to do anything about it.should i move out?or confront them about it?i basically pay them a little every month to let me stay in their house.it seems as those the fact im 20 doesnt even matter and they still treat me like im 14.ive confronted them about that many times and just continue to recieve the constant abuse about how much of a waste i am, or they turn it onto themselves and say that im just proving to them theyre failed parents.i dont want to kill myself...i really dont...but at times i feel like its my only solution...anyone have any advice on what i could/should do?++$++20
music, especially brass band music, is integral to the culture of new orleans.  how about helping some local kids keep that legacy alive? and, while you are at it, help to give them a positive influence in their lives. [tipitinas foundation](http://www.globalgiving.org/projects/music-instruments-to-youth-in-new-orleans/)++$++30
hello, i guess i should give a few details about myself first.  i'm not "overweight" technically, but i feel my body could definitely be more toned/sculpted.  i am maybe 10-15 pounds heavier than i'd like to be... but my main problem is just some extra flab on my arms/tummy i'd like to tone a little.i'm 21 years old, 5'2" (short!), female and around 123 lbs, which isn't a lot but when you are 5'2" the weight tends to "compress" and show a lot more.  i have a noticeable "pouch" and i'm getting into the music industry (female artist/singer/songwriter/guitar player offered several contracts etc).. you think that would be enough for someone to want to lose a few lbs especially in an industry that's so focused on outward appearance but the pressure doesn't motivate me to action.  just so you understand my body type i would describe myself as "curvy" and definitely short.. i've got wide hips, nice skinny legs (really the only part of my body i'm confident about even though they are not long and flowing they look elegant), i have a little bit of a girl gut (i just can't get it to go down around my belly button area!), my arms are a little thicker than normal and i'd describe them as having normal looking shoulders but a little bit of an "underhang/flab" that when my arms are pressed up against my body gives the appearance of them being a lot thicker than they actually are.i used to go to the gym a little bit, i would say my most consistent stretch was 3 months... i had modest results (i was a bit more overweight than i was now) but at the end of it i was more toned/fit/generally feeling better etc... but even that good feeling of endorphins and knowing i'm doing something healthy now... it just doesn't motivate me to keep up a routine.i don't know how many calories i intake daily, which i guess would be a good way to start.  i need to understand what i'm eating and it would be relatively painless to log everything or get estimates.  i never really dieted before though so i kind of don't know what is effective for burning fat... is it low calorie? low carb? low sugar? high protein?  i know everyone is different but what is generally better for women?i work from 9-5 currently at a firm on wall street.  i am completely exhausted by the time i get home.  i am tired/low energy on the weekend..  and i often travel to my boyfriends on the weekends (he lives about 1:15 away from me) so that drains any weekend energy i might have from me.  i understand that working out will increase my energy and solve the low energy problem but even that... it just can't get me to set up a structured routine.  my lifestyle is that i travel a lot i'm always busy/scheduled, have a lot of music practice/recording/etc to do.. so i guess an exercise routine that didn't involve a gym would be best for me but i'm not sure what equipment to invest in or what non-gym routines work best.so i guess what i need to know is what really got you off your butt?  how did you learn what exercises were most effective?  i always sort of feel like a dope when i go to the gym because i don't know really what i'm doing that much.. the time i went for that 3 month stretch i was with a boyfriend who was a gym freak (super muscular) and he asked me to go with him (not because i was that fat) but because i complained about the flab a lot and because he thought it would make me feel more self confident and better.  he showed me a lot of exercises and made me feel comfortable when he was there doing his thing and i was there doing mine.  now i'm with a guy who's a big time couch potato (not fat at all, he's skinner than i am!) but there's no motivation coming from an outside source.did any of you find that you needed a personal trainer or a personal motivator or someone "getting on your ass" to work out a little bit and guilt you into it?  i feel like i might need that but i'm not sure how to find a good personal trainer or even where to go..finally, if you have any advice on how to trim arm flab i'd love to know.  i always felt like my arms are "thick" which isn't very attractive on a woman.  when i went to the gym to work out my boyfriend suggested high rep exercises with low free weights... it toned my arms a little but people also began to go "dayum u have biceps/muscles wtf?"... that is not what i'm going for.  i just kind of have let them go after that because i didn't want to look like steroid freak girl so my arms kind of reconverted to flab as unworked areas do.  so any advice in this specific area is really appreciated.thanks r/fitness :) .. don't feel obligated to hit every question i asked in there.  if you even have expertise in any one of the questions i asked i would appreciate any small amount of advice you can give.++$++21
hello reddit!  throw-away account for privacy's sake.i know there are literally hundreds of these threads, but i feel as though my situation puts a different spin on things.i am 31 years old and i have no real friends.  plenty of acquaintances.  i also have cerebral palsy and am high on the autistic spectrum.  what that means is i have a double-whammy of shy.i have two jobs: one decently successful and one very much so.  i make very decent money for a single 30-something.i have two degrees, and am moving toward a phd.i have very little physical impairment from the cerebral palsy.  the only noticeable issue is a limp.  i occasionally walk with a cane, but it is hardly your grandmother's cane... it's a cold steel skull head city stick.  i mention that to let you know that i... well... take the disability in... stride?i do not drive.  when i tried to learn, i caused a rather embarrassing and painful accident.  luckily i've lived in cities most of my life, and i am a master at "taxi-fu"!i am a bit unfortunate looking, but nothing to write ripley's believe it or not about.  my hair is thinning, and i wear glasses.  i am 5'10" tall and 199 lbs.  i could lose 20 lbs, i know, but i am including these statistics to say that i am not morbidly obese.i have had terrible luck in relationships, alternating between "doormat" and "backup" with very little in-between.now that you  have the details, here are my questions for you:* am i beyond hope romantically?* do i need to settle for someone i find less attractive?  (this is a serious question, not a "never settle!"-expected autoresponse.* how do i, with my limitations, make new friends?* is not driving a death-sentence in attracting a mate?* how do i bridge the gap from throw-away college-style low-substance relationships and meet someone that will help me want to be better than i am?  (this applies to both friendships and romance.)so there you have it, askreddit!  again, i apologize for what may be another of a thousand "forever alone!" threads, but at the very least, maybe people with similar impairments and issues can see that they're not alone.** important note:  ** til that "cp" on the internet does not mean the same thing as "cp" in real life.  hence, for the uninitated, in this post, "cp" = cerebral palsy.++$++31
**p**rohibition **e**limination **a**nd **c**annabis **e**lucidation**p**rohibition **e**radication **a**nd **c**annabis **e**ducation**p**rohibition **e**xtermination **a**nd **c**annabis **e**nlightenmentfood for thought.edit: as pointed out by penguinkenny, the best combination would probably be:**prohibition elimination and cannabis education**read it out loud a couple of times. see how you like it. :)++$++18
just like any other end of the world story, there was mass hysteria but surprisingly that didn't last long. everyone just sort of accepted it pretty quickly. some people claimed to have emergency bunkers but nobody really cared because it wouldn't matter anyway. i saw several people praying but nobody really saw a point.the day just sort of came to a halt. a lot of people were just standing around watching the news. the lady on the news was talking to a scientist about the black hole. he said that we would have anywhere from 48 hours to a week to maybe even a month before doomsday. a white house representative then said it could take 6 months to 2 years to evacuate the planet.nobody cared much because everyone knew what was coming. some people were with their families but they were just making small talk. i sat around a tv with a group of about 10 just watching. maybe 2 or 3 were paying attention. the rest were just thinking to themselves.i had thought about armageddon before. i thought that i might have been prepared if the real thing happened because i'd played video games and seen movies in the past. i thought it would have been a zombie invasion, aliens, or world war 3 though. that was all just fantasy. i don't think anyone can really be prepared for the end of the world though.i thought about how much i never got to do with my life and how all of the progress humanity and civilization made were just a waste.if this dream ever became a reality, what would you do?++$++17
so i was out at a bar and was driving to the next when i was pulled over for having a headlight out. i had only one drink and was the designated driver for the night so i was not too worried. however, we had smoked in my car earlier in the night and the cop smelled it. he asked me to hand anything over and that he was going to search the car no matter what. i handed him a roach. upon searching the vehicle he found my glass pipe (i forgot i had it). he was sort of being cool and said he dismissed the possession of the marijuana but that he would be charging me with possession of paraphernalia. i got a court summons and what is equivalent to being arrested however i was not cuffed and hauled away. i now have to appear in court. i am a first time offender and have never been in any legal trouble. i have read that first time offenders max penalty is 3 months in jail with up to $500 fine. i also read that many times for first timers, the case is nolle where they dismiss the case and you have to stay out of trouble for like 13 months or else it can be opened again. my plan is to go to court and see what the prosecutor is thinking. if things take a turn for the worst, i will ask for a continuance where i will bring a lawyer into the picture. does anyone have any advice. any good lawyers in in the middletown connecticut area? the worst part about it is that my name will be published in the local paper indicating my crime. this is an embarrassment for my parents and i wish there was a way i could avoid it. i am 25 years old and an adult but still my actions are reflecting on them. they're pretty cool about the weed thing, but i don't think they would appreciate their peers and neighbors feeling that way about them. please ents any advice or even soothing words would be a great help. i am just hermit-ing myself in my apartment with no desire to go out in this anti-marijuana police state.++$++25
dummy account. i am a 21 year old male. this was not something that i did sporadically; i have been thinking about doing this since last weekend. it felt right and have no regrets. ama.edit: why? i'm 21 years old. i've never had a girlfriend. but thats the main reason. when i was 18 (2008) i had the great idea to try some alcohol while watching porn. i loved it. it was the first time that i ever had a drink. it was like i could watch porn for hours instead of just minuets all while getting drunk. i only did it about 4 times before i went to college. in my freshman year at college (2008-2009) i could not really seem to connect with people. my roommate where always out with their friend, that gave me the whole room to myself. it took about one month for me to find out how to make alcohol out of yeast, sugar, and water. i would make my own alcohol, get drunk and then watch porn. instead of going to parties or hanging out with people i find myself drunk in my room watching porn. i could keep up with school and my grades did not really suffer.the next semester was the worst. i would find myself drunk all the time. from friday afternoon to sunday night i would be in my room being drunk. at its worst i think i was only sober 3 days a week. i honestly don't remember much from that semester. i had to drop a class. i missed a test because i blacked out. i showed up to a final drunk. i do remember how badly i would get the urges. i'd be like "holy shit look how hot phoenix marie is. fuck school i'm getting drunk". it seemed like it was what i was working for. when i would be done with a semester i would want to get drunk and watch porn. that summer i went home and did the same thing for 3 more months. then i finally deiced to get clean and stopped drinking.during my 2nd year(2009-2010) at college i did pretty good with not drinking all the time. i would be clean for about a month until i would fall back into for a week or weekend. but it always was with the porn, it was not like i was drinking to forget something. then that cycle would repeat its self until about october 2010. i went to see a friend from high school that i had not keep in touch for a long time who had since become a complete stoner. i had smoked before but never really liked it. well my friend had some pretty dank weed. still to this day it is the only time i got oev (open eye visuals) from smoking. i tried to drink after that and it just was not the same. i found that i liked weed much more and really stopped abusing alcohol. of course i would get high and watch porn. but then last weekend i was able to try lsd/acid/lysergic acid diethylamide. i can't really explain it but i really felt that i could finally just delete the porn and be over with that part of my life. i'm not opposed to porn by any means and will still watch but i just don't need 800gbs of it. i think its still fine to watch porn for 15 minutes or so but not for hours on end while strung out on drugs.**tl;rt** - loved watching porn, then starting getting drunk and watching porn for about 2 years, tried some dank weed and it helped me stopping drinking, watched porn while high, dropped acid a weekend ago and never looked back. still plan on watching porn just not for hours on end while strung out on drugs.++$++21
so since i was around 16, i have found that almost like clockwork that every three months i will get a yeast infection. back then i was told that maybe it was the type of underwear i was wearing and only wear cotton (which i already was). the problem still happens and i am 23, except i tell no one since i am always teased. is there anyone out there like me? when i saw a gynecologist, she gave me a pill but my health insurance ran out to see if it was helping me consistently. also, i started bc to help regulate my periods (i have ovarian cysts that kept my periods away for months as well as messed with my hormones causing facial acne and some dark facial hair). since i started bc, i contracted my first uti. i got meds for it and now i feel it is back again (since i am having the same symptoms) two months later.are there just girls who are unlucky and contract yeast infections and uti's every couple months? am i going to be stuck like this the rest of my life?++$++24
so.. i am a korean citizen who has spent the last 17 years abroad in the us and canada for school. i came back to korea last week due to korea's mandatory military conscription. i do have family here but i would like to meet some people around my age to grab a cup of coffee or something! i am completely normal so no need to worry about that..i am 27 years old. male, and engaged to a lovely canadian girl who will be coming here in july. i have an m.sc in biology but i am interested in a wide range of topics ranging from philosophy to music. i would especially be interested in meeting people who are cureently teaching english here as my fiancee is planning on doing the same later this year. korean or caucasian, male or female, let me know if you are bored too! thanks for reading.++$++27
ok, so now that i have your attention...here's the deal:i'm 27 years old and work for at&amp;t and need to get out of this job.  i spent 2 years at western illinois university and another year &amp; a half at a columbia college of missouri satellite school for business admin. i think i know enough at this point to discern that:a) business administration degrees are a joke unless it's from a reputable university.b) i haven't learned anything and do not want to continue business admin.c) i want to work with computersso, after considering that....i threw everything away (so to speak) and started going to devry majoring in computer information systems.  i'm working on my second class and realizing that its a very expensive school and right now in my life is a lot to invest in....but in the long term well worth it if it gets me a jobi only have a handful of classes left in business administration at columbia college of missouri and could probably finish in less than a year if i went full timesooooooois it smart for me to just finish the business degree since i have already put so much into it and considering its much much cheaper to finish?if so, is there an easy transistion to some kind of computer engineering or information systems masters programs, considering i have a large knowledge of computers and programming already?or does it make more sense (in this economy especially) to just start over from scratch and do what it is i want to do and throw caution to the wind?i'm pining over this question in my mind and would greatly appreciate anyone's input....especially people that have been in this situation beforethank you so much in advance++$++27
this is kind of a cross-post from another sub-reddit, but i will get to the point: met my wife while she was on a work visa. fell in love. married. got a green card. she is missing home and family. moving to germany may be the only way to save the marriage.    i am 30 years old, have a ba in mis, and have been working in it for the last 10 years, currently at a large software company. we are multi-national, but many of the jobs in germany are either software development, or administrative, none of which i have a lot of experience in.    i don't speak any german but i am more than willing to learn. i have been to germany (nrw area- cologne, dortmund), and i loved it. i have virtually no debt, just a student loan that with my upcoming tax return and cashing out about as much stock, i could have paid off by mid-feb. i am definitely what you would call risk-adverse, but i seem to have a lot of things going for me if i did decide to go: german wife, no debt, no kids, decent sized 401k.    though the thought of it still scares me, only because i am worried about not finding work. this may be unfounded but i'm hoping other americans in germany, or german citizens can comment. if i could find work as an american, hopefully in the field i am experienced in, and without having to speak a lot of german (at least not right away), i would do it. it's scary for me, but the thought of living and working comfortably in europe, especially germany with my wife, sounds like a dream. i also worry about my age and wonder if i am too old to give this a shot for a few years, but then again, i face the prospect of losing my wife.    thank you for listening reddit.++$++30
i haven't been to college in a year due to financial troubles and such, and i finally got everything together and i just started my first semester at a new college, starting my new degree of game design and animation. really, i'm so happy and i feel super productive now that i'm doing something with my life again.  so happy. :d++$++21
i started at 130, i know, it wasn't really that bad. probably still inside the healthy bmi for my height (5'3). but i felt bad! drinking too much, smoking too much, eating crap, not exercising. i hated the way i felt in a bathing suit. so, right before the new year, i said no more of this shit. trashed all my crappy food, stopped drinking 5 days a week, read "in defense of food," frontpaged the old /r/loseit, and exercised like it was my job.this past weekend it was 75 degrees in san diego and i wore a bathing suit and while i still see areas that need improvement (most are on the backside), i feel exponentially better than i did just two months ago.i know i didn't have as much to lose as some people on loseit, but i still needed all the motivation i could get. so, for that, thank you for being a friend, etc etc etc. especially after a silly picture to /r/fitness went terribly wrong [(i was called a judgmental bitch, a loser, and was told to shut up because i'm not a fitness model [ha, i will be soon, meanies.])](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/ezxj7/ah_yes_nothing_like_a_nutritious_preworkout_meal/), i was glad to have at least one subreddit on my side!and now, without further ado,[before (last year sometime) and mothafuckin' after!](http://imgur.com/q7yxx)++$++24
i posted an ad earlier this week and all i got was spam.  today at work i got a reply from a cute girl 20 years old i thought it was someone playing games but it turns out she was real.  we texted and talked on the phone.  i am 42 years old but i look very young and i have a trimmed body with a six pack.    i have other stories to tell about cl, i will keep you all updated about what happens.  9:30 she just texted she is on her way to the train station10:00 pm she just called me to pick her up.   i won't be able to update until she is gone.++$++42
hail mighty inglip and his call for brocest! why has little to none been made yet?++$++16
i've known these people all my life but i don't know anything about them.++$++17
this is sort of x-posted from /r/resumeshow are you writing your resumes? i feel like mine is comprehensive, but i have a sneaking suspicion that i may be wrong considering how unemployed i am in relation to how many jobs i've applied for.[here is my resume](http://www.myimagehosting.com/show-18329j7l4e-127644.html) in pdf form. i'm looking for a job as studio assistant/2nd photographer/entry-level retouching/photo editor/gallery-related-anything etc.  i have a few questions:   1. my career counselor told me to remove "references available upon request" from my resume, is that a bad idea?   2. my counselor also told me to include a "bio" of myself, which i think is silly (am i wrong?)3. should i include the blurb under my "freelance experience" section?   4. i've heard that "artist resumes" are slightly different from others, i'm wondering if i should include all the gallery shows i've been in (there are 3)reddit, how can i improve this?++$++22
for the record, i was diagnosed with depression and am currently on wellbutrin for it.i seems like every day is the worst day of my life and when anything good happens life decides to throw twice as many bad things at me.i'll list some good things first:1) i'm a fairly intelligent guy and was accepted to a well respected engineering school. while at school i co-op'd with the same company 3 times and they want me to come back for a 4th. there is a good chance they will hire me after i graduate.2) my parents are weird but they care about me alot.3) i have hobbies that give me immense satisfaction. i'm a house music dj and also a music producer. i also program games in my free time and like to learn about cosmology and philosophy (yeah i'm a bit of a nerd).despite all of that i feel hollow and empty inside. i'm 21 years old and my longest relationship lasted 1 week because i realized i liked the idea of a relationship and not her. whenever i actually like a girl it ends horribly and this is actually what caused me to write this. the relationships always start out with the girl liking me and then it seems like when i start liking her she stops liking me. normally i find making friends fairly easy and even though i can be socially awkward i'm fairly easy to get along with once you get to know me.it seems like the only time a girl likes me is when i'm not into her. i've had sex twice with these kinds of girls and it always ends badly. not because i'm bad at it but because i just didn't get into it and i lose my erection fairly quickly. i have anxiety issues and me losing my erection those times has made me question whether there is something wrong with me or not although it's probably just performance anxiety.i've been working on myself for years by dressing well, having good hygiene, working out, getting better at my hobbies, and trying to get rid of my depression and anxiety. i'm also not a bad looking guy and do notice interest from girls.my life has been terrible for as long as i can remember. when i was a kid i had crippling shyness and social anxiety. i barely had friends and even got in a fight just because a guy didn't like me. at the time i was pretty wimpy so i got my ass kicked. later on i started acting out and as a result my best friend said that he would stop hanging out with me if i didn't calm down because my disruptions were causing him to do poorly in school. then we moved to a completely different state and i had to start over and the shyness and social anxiety became overwhelming. the closest i got to a girl in high school was me calling a girl i liked and asking her out only to get denied every time. after awhile it became pretty easy for me to make and gain friends so that definitely helped alot.when i went to college things seemed alright, i mean i didn't know anybody and was still super shy but it was a slight improvement being around more intelligent and technically minded people. my first semester i met a girl in my dorm. we didn't really know eachother until one day she started flirting and we ended up cuddling and making out for like 8 hours before i had to go back and get some sleep. the next day she tells me that it meant nothing and i was crushed. it turns out she is probably the most terrible person i know (others agree) and she continuously uses people and is probably a sociopath.later on, i met the girl that i had a week long relationship with and there wasn't much to that.later i meet this really cool, smart, talented, independent girl and i get a huge crush on her. i end up taking her out dancing, sleep over at her place (i acted really awkward), and then a few days later took her out on a date where i didn't kiss her (bad move). later on i find out she fell in love with another guy in a different state a few months ago and didn't tell me. she just wanted attention and was completely self centered. i was devastated.now for more current things. i was devastated for awhile and my gay friend told me about this girl he hung out with before he transfered to my school. he said we would get along great and she was my type although she is bipolar. it turns out he was right, we started talking and hit it off. unfortunately she went to school 4 hours away so i couldn't really do anything. so for the next year or so we go through periods of flirting/talking and periods of barely any contact. last semester she decided to bring a few friends to my school so we could go dancing. i had an amazing time and we ended up dancing together. we met up a few times since then and i could seriously talk to her for hours. i felt we really connected. recently she graduated and got a job in the town i go to college which i felt awesome about. she is a big star wars nerd so i started calling her leia which she really liked. i thought her personality fit. anyways i talk to her today and told her "call me han solo, and be my valentine, leia" which i thought she'd really like. afterwards i get a long message about how she thought of me as a friend and didn't really feel that spark and whatever. i told her goodbye because i couldn't keep this going anymore. i promptly deleted her from facebook and deleted her number. i really felt like we could have had something. i know we had our moments but i think she is impulsive and the distance kinda ruined it for her. i know at one point she did have feelings for me.i feel so shitty right now. i keep waiting for the day where life won't suck so much but it never comes. i keep trying new things and bettering myself but it doesn't work. i'm not suicidal. sorry if this is really long but i felt i needed to add detail.thanks.++$++21
it sets the tone for pretty much every area.++$++17
i found my game the other day and decided to try beating it. me and a friend spent fucking 6 hours but *still* couldn't beat that last boss!how the hell do i beat that guy?!?!++$++17
i am 36 years old, slightly overweight and average looking. i have been lurking here for the past few months since my marriage broke up. ok, so i joined a online dating site a week or so ago. i eventually fixed up a date with a fairly nice looking (hb7 judging by her pics) 24 year old. i was supposed to meet her in town and received a txt from her saying she was there. i couldn`t see her anywhere, so i txt'd her back "where". from the corner of my eye i seen this gorgeous looking girl looking at her phone about 100 yards away. i thought to my self it can't be her. turns out it was her and i had underestimated her looks due to her pictures. anyway... she turned out to be a hb9 so on first sight i sort of decided in my mind that i wasn't gonna get anywhere with her so braced myself for a fun night with no sort or romantic events. i think the fact that i kinda ruled these things out attracted her more to me, she must have been like "wtf? how come this guy isn't interested in me". as the night went on, i realised that a lot of guys were looking at me in awe.... how did he get that girl?, also i noticed a lot of other girls smiling and giving me ioi's at me when she went to the toilet or when she wasn't looking. it felt good to be the centre of attention in the various clubs and pubs we visited. i was an accidental alpha for the entire evening, as the night wore on i was peacocking around like billy-big-bollocks. to cut a long story short #close, k-close, f-close.so to summarise, pua isn't really my bag, but i can see the science behind it. maybe it was unintentional, but by me being uninterested and alpha worked a treat.just sayin'++$++36
obviously this a throwaway account, reddit user for a long time but this is my first time really talking about myself. i am 29 years old, i live in ny in east village and work for a media company. i have never been single and have always been in long term relationships. i have had five long terms relationships and i have never really taken a break between them. i was always with the next girl before i broke up with the old one.in high school, my first relationship started with this really sweet girl who was so in love with me while i was just an immature idiot. i just left her one day, after one year, because i started going out with one of the "popular" chicks in school. exactly the same story with this chick as well. while high school was ending, i left her as well for another girl from my high school. we went off to different schools and this girl was my best friend before i started dating here. we dated for 2 years. this whole time i was trying to find another girl in college.then came the longest relationship with this girl i met in college. she was really beautiful but also a bitch. we dated for about 7 years and then were married for 3. she was such a bitch to me during our marriage that i had to leave her eventually but i didn't leave her before i found another girl.this girl i went out with for one and a half years. we wanted to get married. we even got engaged. then i realized i am making a mistake and could not be with her anymore so i ended up breaking up with her. now i am single for the first time in my life. i have never felt this way. i have always been insecure and have always needed someone else in my life. i have never even told anyone about the above but i needed to get it out. i had a lot of conflicted feelings while leaving this girl but i really wanted to take this risk as well and discover who i am.sorry if this was long but just needed to get it out and didn't know where else++$++29
my hands (and feet, actually) are almost always freezing cold. i don't personally mind it, but it's making my love life a bit difficult. if i leave the covers for more than a minute or two, even when the house isn't particularly cold, i'll come back with icy hands and can't touch my girlfriend without jarring her awake.any ideas what the problem could be? blood circulation issues, maybe? i'm a 24-year-old male in good shape. i don't smoke, don't drink much, eat healthy and strength train 3 days a week. i used to be very overweight and have lost about 100 lbs over the course of the past couple years.++$++24
hi reddit, this is a throwaway account so please don't think i'm trolling or anything like that. i'm 19 years old, a student at uni, and i spent today completely alone. i played video games, cooked myself a nice dinner, and hit the gym. might get some studying in later tonight too. so what's the problem? i guess i'm just getting tired of always being on my own. days like today are great occasionally and i know it's not unusual to spend a weekend relaxing but i'm sure after a while you can see how it would get terribly lonely. when i go to parties or hang out with people i have a good time but i don't feel like i ever connect with anyone past that "friend" level. i've never had a serious girlfriend and i know without a doubt that if i never saw any of my "best friends" again i wouldn't really care. earlier this school year i had an extremely bad bout of depression but luckily i came out of it and am now much, much better, but days like these rekindle those nasty feelings of worthlessness and isolation. everyone around me seems so happy and in tune with their life. i know it's bullshit to think so though...i'm usually always the one that calls people to ask what they're up to and if they wanna hang out. most of the time they're busy or hanging out with other friends. i consider myself good looking, funny, smart, and interesting and i've been told that i am from a lot of different people so it strikes me as odd when i'm sitting in front of my computer alone on a beautiful day like tonight with no plans. i've never had a real substantial relationship (brief high school relationships don't count to me), i've never had a close group of friends i knew i could count on wholeheartedly, and come to think of it i spend most of my weekdays by myself too. i would love so much if i could find someone out there that likes the same stuff as i do, shares the same perspective, and is willing to experience all the awesome things in life with me.i try to be positive but no one can be strong all the time. i could really use some kind words and encouragement right now. can anyone share stories of similar feelings? a good joke maybe? anything would help.++$++19
first off i am 21 years old, work a steady secure job at a gas station (making 800 a month). i used to do web development but stopped a few months ago and dropped my clients due to my severe depression.. i have been with this 20yo girl for 2.5 years, things were great at first as i chased her all through high school and finally got with her at the end of school.long preface short, she did a lot of lying at first but i looked past it. she moved into my moms house when she turned 18 and i was barely 19, and shortly after that we got a small apartment together that we still live in. i asked her to marry me on our 1 year anniversary. on our 2 year anniversary, things were a little rocky due to money stress and such, but still going good, i got her the dog we have now as a present. fast forward to 20 days later, she cheated on me. it was planned right in front of me. i found out the next day because, well, i am a little bit smarter than her. i don't know why i didn't leave her that day. it was probably because i felt like i was still in love with her, and it didn't help that she took my virginity.everything goes downhill from there. 5 months later i am contemplating leaving her because i just don't feel happy with her, and she is always trying to make me feel like i am the bad guy and that i cheated on her, which i never did. i was getting myself mentally prepared for it because i am terrified of change, and just as i am ready, she drops the pregnant bomb on me.so i figured, man the fuck up and take of shit. i planned on buying her another car since hers broke down, and in april i planned on renting a 2-3bdrm house so we have room for the kid and our pets. that attitude lasted a while, but she still kept up her petty bullshit.a few months later, here i am, contemplating again. i recently took up cigar smoking, and just to add that i highly enjoy montecristo and romeo y julieta (the dominicans), but i have yet to get my hands on a h. upmann from habana. i didn't tell her this, i don't see a reason to, i do it at my leisure when driving my long drive home from work. she would make a huge deal of it, since she's lied to me thousands of times about smoking pot. she's been complaining that i smell like 'cigarette' smoke, well i don't smoke cigarettes. she has gone through my jacket, my car, all my stuff without permission and behind my back.well tonight she smelled my tshirt and said it smelled like smoke. she then asked who was over at my friends house that i went to, i told her my friend was. so now she went to the bedroom, threw out a pillow and a blanket and locked the door. she kicked me out of my bedroom.i just can't stand her anymore. i don't feel like i love her. i am still attracted to her. i feel like my heart is dying, it isn't dead yet because i can still feel the pain radiating from it. i am depressed all the time. i hate my life, i hate myself, i hate where i am, i just hate everything.i feel like i can't leave her because she is pregnant with my(?) child. i want this child, but i don't want its mother. i want to be in its life, be a dad, because i never had one. he shot himself when i was 3.i know if i leave her, she won't let the child have my last name. i feel like if it doesnt have my last name, then i wouldn't feel like it would be mine. i feel like if i leave, my kid won't have the best possible childhood, because its mother is dumb as hell and can't do anything for herself. having 2 incomes makes everything in life easier, and dropping down to 1 income, 2 households, will make everything shitty. i don't have a high paying job, neither does she. if i leave her, she will either live with her dad or move to wisconsin with her grandparents, because she has no idea how to pay bills and she can barely learn how because of all the hardcore drugs she did in high school. i don't want to be away from my kid.if i left her, for now i'd get a room for rent, save up more money, find a 2nd job, and rent a small 2bdrm place. another option is to move to florida, where my best friend is thinking of moving, and my other best friend lives and goes to school. but then i would be abandoning my kid.everything is so fucked up, i don't know which way to go. i don't really have any friends, and my one friend doesn't really have any advice. i don't know if i left anything out, if i did let me know and i will explain more..also, i refer to the child as it, because i don't know the sex yet.what would you do?tl;dr just read it please.++$++21
so i'm a sophomore in college right now living in my parents place to save money. a couple days ago it turns out, my dad looked through my texts and saw a few about trees. being asian, we had a big confrontation etc almost got kicked out but didn't because they believe that i only smoked a few times, not regularly. i literally started packing my bags. now they just have me on lockdown not letting me chill with friends etc, i basically come home after class ever day and never see friends. i'm 20 years old and i can't believe i'm facing this kind of stuff. i would love to move out but if i did they won't fill their part of the fafsa. i have no job as of now.how would you feel if your parents dug through your personal things because i don't know what to think? it would be a tough road if i were to move out with no job, no financial aid and insurance but i don't know if i can stand being forced to follow these rules.ps the texts were actually about giving away my mflb and grinder because i was quitting for the semester just because i felt like quitting for awhile.++$++20
long time lurker- first time poster.  be gentle.  i'm 35 years old and going on my first date tonight.  we met on ok cupid.  i'm also a virgin.  never been kissed.  give advice and ama!edit: brb. . .going on my date!  goodnight!!++$++35
i know this isn't the place for medical advice, but this is far from life threatening, so maybe someone has a creative idea to help.occasionally when i drink, i end up with a nosebleed. i've looked around the internet, and apparently this is fairly common since alcohol thins your blood.usually this happens only once in a while, however, it seems that if i kiss/make out with a girl, the inevitable nose-to-nose contact makes a nosebleed much more likely to occur. on multiple occasions, i've pulled back to look at the girl, and i see my blood on her face. which is an incredibly awkward situation.any ideas on how to avoid these nosebleeds after i've had a few drinks?++$++22
basically i can't open tf2 up without it immediately crashing as soon as i open a character and get to class selection. whatever sound is going on repeats several times, the screen freezes, and then turns completely white to the point i have to reset my computer. i asked my friend camry_luvr if there's any specific information i should post about my computer so.. here. please help me out here, i don't have a damn clue what i'm doing. microsoft windows 7 professional - (6.1.7600) up: 1min 53secs cpu: amd athlon(tm) ii x4 620 processor (x64) at 2600mhz (1% load) gfx: ati technologies inc. ati display adapter (0x9490) 1.00gb res: 1920x1080 32bit 60hz ram: 1447/6142.5mb (23.56%) [||--------] hdd: c:\ 592.04gb/931.41gb net: realtek pcie gbe family controller - 100mb/s 663.85kb in 519.17kb outedit: thanks for the advice guys. my friend and i used your advice and i'm not sure what, but something managed to get the game running smoothly again.++$++17
i'm 23 years old and the last few times that i went out i spoke with many people (mostly men though), but i just had nothing come to my head. even after several drinks i still couldn't start conversations or approach women. how can i improve this?++$++23
basically still haven't come out to my parents (i'm 19, bi but i have a boyfriend so if you want to call me gay i don't mind). happened across the lgbt rights by country wikipedia page and noticed the country my mum is from, guyana, is the only country in south america where homosexual acts are illegal and the country my father is from, northern cyprus, is the only place in europe (just about in it) where homosexual acts are illegal.i have no idea about my parent's stance on homosexuality as i can't ever remember a time when the topic has come up in conversation with the family but finding this hasn't instilled confidence in me...ahhhh. they both moved from their country to the uk in their late teens so i guess they've lived here more of their lives and they are generally tolerant peeople.hoping to tell them about my boyfriend soon - just waiting for a good time i suppose. also i want to tell my brothers first as i want them to hear from me. guess i should probably just call them all up one day and get it all over and done with.++$++19
in the beginning we knew only fear.  we clawed through the jungles in search for food, hid in dark caves hoping that we wouldn't be eaten by ferocious predators.  natural disasters struck without warning, explanation and with ferocity that amazed us.  we lacked the power of speech, communication, written word, yet humans were not unintelligent by any measure.  we created tools, solved complicated problems, cared for our offspring, and most difficult of all we survived.we asked one question: how.  and we did.  we feed, we clothed, we killed, we gathered, we learned to distinguish poisons from nourishment through millions of years of trial and error.thousands of years passed, parents passed along knowledge about how to survive to their offspring.  because we needed to survive we developed a way to communicate how to survive to one another.  we developed languages, and alongside language we developed the ability to think critically, reason, and provide explanations about the world around us.  we learned to ask another question: why?  why are we here?  why are there natural disasters?  why do we die?  why do we live at all?  the introduction of the ability to ask "why" about the world around us is directly responsible for the concept of god and is the reason a concept of god exists at all.when we asked why, we did not forget the fear or our forefathers, in fact fear was at the heart of many of these questions.  a fear of the unknown.  a desire to know what is, in fact, still unknowable.but imagine just how unknowable the answers to these questions must have been at the dawn of humanity, when we did not understand how the human body worked with great detail.  when we could not fathom the concept of cellular biology or weather patterns or even what the stars in the sky were.civilizations throughout the world produced many answers to these questions of "why?" but one concept seemed to endure, simply because it could neither be proven nor discarded entirely.  the concept of god, or a creator, or of some being or entity more complex than us that was able to produce everything we see in with our eyes.the concept of god took many forms.  the most ancient civilizations believed not in a personal singular human-like god, but in a pluralistic loose concept of a "something" that was able to create us.  throughout the years, because the stories were told by humans, because the concept of the creation of the universe was such a complicated story, we began to define and simplify this god.  we gave him a face.  we gave him a name.  we created his story.  we based his characteristics off of ours and said we must have been created in his likeness.  some civilizations created many gods.  they acted like people.  they got into fights.  they were petty, selfish, flawed and driven by base motivations of jealousy and fear just like humans were.  even though "god" or "the gods" created heaven and earth and the entire universe, they seemed to be caught up in the most trivial of matters.  would zeus be able to handle the jealous hera?  the christian god's obsession with punishing the sinful inhabitants of two cities, sodom and gomorrah.  sex, lies and gossip were what the gods or god was most interested in.  but in the scheme of the universe these things seem now to be such small considerations.  think of what "god" created then think about the ten commandments.  surely, not poisoning our earth and ruining our atmosphere would at least make it into the top ten before premarital sex and adultery.  in the scheme of all of gods considerations, surely he worried more about getting our dna code right than he cared about whether or not we were heterosexual.these things seem obvious to most atheists now, but when humanity created the concept of god we had no real understanding of science.  we did not know what god would consider to be important, what his considerations would be, or anything about the incredible complexity of designing the universe.  so, we based his considerations on what our considerations would be.  then something happened.  as time went on we developed a written language we began to accumulate knowledge.  with knowledge came a deeper understanding of the world around us.  we called this understanding "science" and it was based on our "observations."  our observations could be reproduced, time and time again.  when we put alcohol on wounds it disinfected them and people did not die.  when we dropped an apple it fell to the ground.before long, we developed alternative explanations to many of the "miracles" of the universe.  natural disasters were explained.  as we began to understand biology and the human body, we came to understand that someone could not be magically healed but that some form of medicine had to be administered.these beliefs all challenged widely held religious beliefs of every stripe.  the organized religions fought back, those with the power of armies and force began to viciously fight back against these alternative explanations.  those religions just happened at the time to be mainly christianity and islam.  judaism also was able to endure because it was the religion that christianity was largely tied to and based off of.because of the accidental circumstances of politics, power structures within the world and the mobilization of force on behalf of these two major religions most of the worlds population in the middle ages was converted either through force or indoctrination to one of these two religions.  the only reason they have such a large following today is because they were able to provide security to most of the world and keep roving bands of thieves and pirates from randomly ransacking villages and murdering entire villages.because these two religions were so successful in mobilizing major empires, they were also successful in sustaining their beliefs even to the modern day.  in the past couple of hundred years we have seen their numbers hold because they were able to fight the onslaught of science, reason and alternative explanations and theories based on one single fact that even atheists themselves cannot dispute.science does not yet answer all of our questions.  while today we have a pretty solid understanding of evolution, biology and the universe we are still in our infancy in our scientific knowledge.  we still have thousands of years of evolution ahead of us to build on our knowledge, to test new theories and prove what today seems unprovable.  but in the present day, theists can still say that their religion is still plausible because it still offers explanations that science does not.  for example, where we come from.this is why religion still exists today.  this is why so many are uncomfortable at the thought of discarding the concept of god and still cling to it.  because humans are still asking why, and some want to feel comfortable in "knowing."this story is becoming more transparent by the day.  more and more people are seeing the truth that i laid out before you and slowly the empires of christianity and islam are falling.  no longer do they have vast, unified empires at their disposal.  no longer are they the sole providers of protection for most of the worlds population.  our governments have become secular, and slowly as secular governments become dominant in the world fewer and fewer people just by statistical probability will be indoctrinated by birth.in the next hundred years, or next couple hundred years, i predict the number of christians worldwide will decline dramatically.  islam will also lose its stranglehold over the middle east, and in fact we are seeing the seeds of this reversal being planted today.  if you follow events in iran closely over the next couple of decades, if you've seen what happened in tunsinia, if you listen to muslims throughout the world the seeds of dissent are being sewn.  just as the seeds of christian dissent are becoming evident in western society.  the number of atheists/agnostics are steadily rising in most countries and in the us the atheist population is roughly 15%.  this is nearly double from ten years ago.  secularism is spreading fast.  we are watching a rapid change take place which tells me, and most others who feel like me, that religion will die in the next couple hundred of years.mark my words.  we created the concept of god and we will soon destroy it.  it won't be in our lifetime.  however, this is a very interesting time to be alive because it is the beginning of the end for the worlds major religions.i hope humans read these words in hundreds of years, somehow, and debate their merit.  i wish i had the foresight to see hundreds of years into the future but alas, i do not.  our progress can be wiped out by erasing our knowledge.  if a natural disaster hits the earth, destroys our computer systems and all our records and only a few survive, i'm sure the concept of god will become widespread once more because in the absence of knowledge it is much easier to believe.but if we continue to inhabit the earth for thousands of years.  if we continue to add to this stockpile of knowledge what will slowly emerge is the truth.  i cannot say with certainty what that truth will look like but it is becoming more and more evident that religious explanations do not explain very much.it is not an accident that secular governments have spread like wildfire.  it is not an accident that the least violent societies are also the least religious.  where chaos reigns, so does religion.  as the world becomes more organized, as people become more safe, as fear fades, so soon will god.++$++21
does anyone else feel like this?the past two years i have really come to terms with life and death. i'm still scared shitless of dying and losing my one and only consciousness that i have built as i continue to live, but i'm ecstatic that i have come to a point where i'm actually thinking about it this early (i'm 20) as opposed to on my death bed. so many people just don't want to talk about it. i feel like you can't really acknowledge death and the relatively meaningless, tiny speck of a life we live until you really think about the world/universe in a realistic and logical sense. i was never fully on board with religion (i was raised catholic) but only throughout the past few years have i been so serious about atheism.the result? i feel like i appreciate life more than any of my very religious friends. it's like a state of mind that people need to achieve to just understand- and i don't want to come off as pretentious to them but they just.....have no idea. i guess in the end it won't really matter; to us or any of them. but that's just what i've been thinking about lately.++$++20
so i'm a little concerned about this one because i think it may have been caused by the problems i've been dealing with. i'll share anyway though.so i'm on top of my high school's roof looking at myself from a 3rd person view. there is a boombox up there playing loud music. ov the ground below, there is a huge crowd. they are all cheering me on, screaming "jump! jump! jump!". it's a huge party. i'm smiling and looking at all of them. next thing i know, i see myself jump off the edge to my death.++$++17
this is probably the most reoccuring dream i've ever had. i think i've had over 20 different versions of it!when i was a little kid, i had this dream for the first time. i was at a chuck'e'cheese for a birthday party. it was pretty normal, everyone was having a good time and it wasn't too crowded. there were a bunch of tubes that kids would crawl in that went all around the restaurant. i ended up crawling in a green tube. i crawled around in it for a bit and then i woke up. pretty normal, right?well, the next time i had the dream, it left off right where i was before (in the green tube). i crawled around for a bit more but i couldn't find an exit. while i was crawling, i kept running into other kids who also couldn't find an exit. we came to the conclusion that someone had sealed us inside the tubes and we were now trapped.had the dream again, this time i was alone in the tubes. the other kids had some how found a way out. i crawled around a bit and just as a turned a corner, i saw something that shocked me. it was some sort of creature. it looked sort of like a dog but it was completely black. it had bright white eyes with no pupils. it was moving towards me but it wasn't walking, it was slowly dragging itself with its two very long arms with extremely overgrown nails scraping on the floor. its legs were shriveled up and tiny. they looked like they served no purpose at all. i woke up right away and i never wanted to have that dream again. it became a nightmare.about a month later i had it again. i was aware of the creature and tried to hide from it. i found a long l-shaped tube that was dark red. it felt odd, like it didn't belong there. i was safe though. at the end of the red tube was a room. as i crawled into the room i noticed it was the same color but it was big and rectangular shaped. there was a hole in the wall where another tube connected that was overflowing with those little plastic balls you see in a ball pit. i jumped in the balls and was digging around for a bit until i felt something move. i then ran back out into the original tube.most of the dreams i had after this involved the room. they usually had me walk into the room, see something scary, then run out. i saw all sorts of stuff in there but a few really stuck with me.in one, there was an yellowish-orangish sportscar. i remember playing on it and then other kids came out of no where and played on it too. it was actually really fun.in another, i saw an ambulance. they were loading someone up from the ballpit. there was blood all over the ground. i tried to get a closer look but couldn't. from what i could tell, someone's chest had exploded.the last is the most memorable of all. in the ballpit, there was a giant clown-man-thing. it never noticed me but if it did, i knew it would kill me! it looked like a 2000lb version of dr. robotnik and ronald mcdonald. i had many dreams where i would get a super hero, a gang of kids, a robot, etc. together and try to take him down but i never suceeded. he became the endboss of dreams.i never did end up taking him down. now, its rare that i have that dream anymore. when i do though, i always try.++$++17
i just made this sub so that people can talk about their dreams.++$++17
i have never had a previous offense. i'm 18 years old. i can afford a lawyer if necessary++$++18
roommates and i would like to order some excellent pizza. suggestions?++$++21
you bought your teen everything they asked for until one day you said they needed to earn their own money. instead of getting a job, they just don't buy anything anymore. you give them a car when they turn 16 but they have no motivation to drive anywhere. eventually you notice they stop going over to friends houses and they rarely invite people over, themselves.do you do anything in this situation or is it normal?also, if a teens grades were dropping and you started taking away their things but they didn't care, what would you do?++$++17
hey reddit,my very good friends run an online-book store; deadendbooks.comonce upon a time (i'd say, 5ish years ago) they had a brick-and-mortar store that shut down for financial reasons.i'd like to give them a boost, they're wonderful people and they offer a great selection of titles that fall into the mystery/crime/pulp (along with some horror and sci-fi) genres.here is their [amazon](http://www.amazon.com/shops/dead-end-books) page and their [main store](http://www.deadendbooks.com)if you can, please check them out :d++$++22
i went to a dubstep show with mrk1, n-type, inspector dubplate, and dub fx.  during the first 3 listed artists, people were "moshing".  i thought it was the most hilarious and absurd thing i had ever seen.  keep the pit for loud, fast, angry music such as punk and metal.++$++21
i'm 24 years old and just got out of a semi-serious relationship. my ex's best friend gave me a ride home from a playoff party last night. when he pulled his car into my driveway he unexpectedly kissed me.i pushed him away. he then told me that he loves me and tried to kiss me again.i pushed him away again and that's when he got upset. all this bs about how he's always loved me, etc, he just went on and on. i tried to be nice but the truth is i have absolutely no interest in him.out of nowhere he said he'd give me $50 if i let him come inside the house with me. to "hang out", he said.$50. i know that doesn't sound like much but i can barely afford to pay my rent. just last week i went three straight days eating nothing more than cereal because i was completely broke. so $50 for me? huge.what happened once we were inside my house/room probably doesn't constitute rape. i mean i never really fought him off. but just before he left the room, after he was done, he dropped the bills onto my nightstand. two tens, one twenty, a five, and five one's.i have some money today. but if i spend it, i'm going to feel like a whore.++$++24
i'm 26 years old and i have basic html and css knowledge. i'm not completely ignorant when it comes to coding, i've ran websites for a long time. most of the time they were simple html sites or used php frameworks like wordpress or joomla. i've been able to fix small bugs but never managed to really evolve my knowledge to the point where i'm able to develop a database driven website from scratch. let's say i want to create a website like twitter (just an example). can someone point to where i should go first? (either ruby on rails or php).tl;dr: 26 year old wants to learn how to code. where to start?**edit**: to the folks that are older than me, sorry about thinking i'm old, to be honest i don't really think i'm that old, it's just the fact that i see so many people under 20 that are able to code that i started to wonder. thanks for the support, i feel very motivated now!++$++26
me and a friend spent 6 hours the other day but couldn't beat it.++$++17
this is probably a very simple thing but i am a little stumped.could someone please either show me how or direct me to a tutorial or hit me hard on the skull with a blunt instrument.i have a large text document that has to be split into several small ones.the format is that there is a * in front of every headline and then there is an article and then it starts over.is there a really simple way to split that into several small text files; perhaps with the headlines as filenames ?thank you for your help..++$++21
yeah sorry, this is going to be a long one...anyone who actually can tolerate reading this entire thing is an amazing person and thank you.i'm 16 years old and my life is already falling apart.  i am an honors student.  i have always been  decent a/b student with friends, a happy family, and great ambitions for the future.  i'm not sure if this has anything to do with my sudden onslaught of fuckup-ery but over the summer, my uncle finally passed after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.  three months later my grandmother died in a sudden car accident.  i didn't cry at either funeral.  meanwhile, my body had been physically falling apart.  i've had a horrible cough since march of last year.  i've been to countless doctors for tests and nothing has shown anything yielding toward a result.  along with this, there has been fainting when standing up, fatigue, and i also lost 15 pounds in one month doing absolutely nothing to cause it.  i've been to doctors for that, too.  nothing.  i'm supposed to have follow ups for all this, but the quest to make me healthy has sort of just evaporated.  my parents seem to have just forgotten about it.  they were reasonably preoccupied with deaths of loved ones.  however, they seem to have forgotten me completely.  i work two jobs and the only times they talk to me is about when they need to drive me there (i don't have my license yet).  i ate dinner with them for the first time in months tonight.  long story short, i cursed out my brother (more on that in a little).  my father decided to punish me by not letting me study for midterms.  my mother just sat there quiet and took some of her anti-depression pills after dinner.  she always threatens to leave him.a little bit on my brother: he's 12.  he is also the biggest attention whore i have ever met.  he makes up absolute lies for the tiniest bit of gratitude from my parents.  he uses the death of my grandmother for attention almost daily.  i understand that this probably comes from his own issues and i do not resent him for that.  the only complaint is that it works.  my parents spoon-feed him attention like a newborn baby.  my parents cannot even remember that i am sick and anything could be wrong with me at this point.back to the subject of school, everything has fallen apart.  my grades have fallen to c's across the board and a d in calculus.  my schedule isn't too much, only 2 ap's (physics and psych), but i simply cannot do work anymore.  whenever i actually find motivation to put effort into school, i feel sick to my stomach.  i'm smarter than this, i know i am, but no matter how much i want to excel, i cannot accomplish anything.   this is my junior year and i cannot afford for this to happen.  my friends have grown away from me.  no idea why.  friends i have almost considered brothers talk with me anymore.  love life is nonexistent; i'm not horrible or unattractive, just incredibly awkward.  sometimes out of relentless self pity, i will complain about my life for a second but then stop because i hate sounding like weak.  i miss having people to turn to.then there's the issue of the marijuana intake.  that's something i started a month ago after everything with grades, family and friends seemed hopeless.  i've stopped for now because i already burned out.  but it just scares me how weak i truly am.  say what you want about how pot isn't that bad, but i shouldn't be using drugs to solve my problems.  i mentioned earlier about working two jobs.  it's not as stressful as it sounds.  i'm a party host at a children's birthday party place and am also a religious school teacher for 3rd graders.  i only work 4 days a week at most.i'm truly worried.  i have nobody to turn to.  i want my old, happy life back.  i think i need help, but i'm not sure if i can tell my parents.  i am stuck and could use some advice.  thanks.++$++16
when i was younger, i would never have guessed that this is how i would be when i was older.i have pretty much no friends, the few i have only care about my stuff. i thought when i was older, i would be social and have lots if friends but that never happened.my grades are absolute shit. my dreams of getting into a good school are gone. my only option now is community college.we had some family over today but i feel like a stranger when i'm around them. i've known them my whole life but i know nothing about them. my mom and my aunt were making jokes about how i've never had a girlfriend. i know that i'm ugly as fuck and don't need them reminding me.i've done nothing exciting with my life and know i wont be able to. i have a car but never leave my house because i don't have anywhere to be.i usually think i'm trying to be nice to people but i'm just a ignorant condescending asshole.i've been depressed for about a decade now and its become a part of who i am. i'm constantly thinking about suicide but i feel like a coward because i haven't gone through with it yet because i don't want to hurt my family. for several weeks now, i've been having dreams of jumping off the roof of my school.everyone says i should have goals for the future but i have no plan at all. i'm just doing whatever everyone tells me to do so if i stayed alive i'd have no purpose anyway.it feels like every year i put it off, i'm just wasting time.++$++17
we watched a movie that explained the significance of geological time and earth's age. the bit went something like this.geologists now know through the use of science and radiocarbon dating that the earth is approximately 4.6 billion years old. this span of time is incredibly unimaginable in terms of our own human lives. if you were to put the span of earth's existence onto the calendar year, you would find that we didn't even come into existence (homo sapiens) until 11:00 p.m. on december 31st. the industrial revolution? 1 and a half seconds before the clock would strike midnight. fucking awesome.++$++20
not sure how i should have worded the title, but anyway.i'm 21 years old, so is my girlfriend. we've been together for about 2 months now, after dating for a while.i think our relationship so far has been perfectly fine, but one thing i noticed, whenever i want to hang out with my friends, they always and i mean, always want to bring along their girlfriend.i asked my best friend if he wants to go see tron; "yeah man sure, do you mind if x comes along?" same thing happens when i suggest if he wants to go out for a drink. i asked another friend if he wants to go to a party next weekend, with some other guy friends "alright, let me ask x if she wants to come as well"i mean, this is currently my first serious relationship, so it's making me a bit paranoid.it seems so weird, in my eyes, to involve your significant other in every.single. social activity you do.i'm more of an introverted person, so parties aren't my thing usually, whereas my girlfriend loves to go out, so she's usually at a party on saturday nights, while i'm doing my own thing, and it seems to go perfect so far.++$++21
after work for about 2 years in different things like loan modifications, bankruptcy, debt relief, and investments, i realized i could do alot more for people working on my own. cutting off what i like to call the middle man (attorneys/owners) i think i can offer services to low income business owners, or to people who want to start their own business.i just started a small company called lyftconsulting , the url isnt relevant, im not trying to promote it, but ama++$++23
hello reddit! first, this is not a scam to get free services.i am 23 years old, ive been working for a few years now, doing alot of financial services, small business consulting. after working for other people i realized i wasnt doing much to benefit others. so i decided to start a small business with 2 college friends, we basically do small business consulting.in other words, we help people who wanna start a business, or who already have a business to make it a little more succesful. our goal is to help everyday business owners lift their business up from the ground. we do free consultations, and do most of the labor for them, they really only pay for the software (quickbooks, website host), while we teach them how to use them, and how to improve on their business.we are relatively small for now, but we do have a website.www.lyftconsulting.comsince its a small business i pretty much run it myself, if anyone out there has free time and is a good graphic designer, we would appreciate any kind of help. for now we cant really compensate much, but in due time we do plan to help anyone that has helped us out.it might be a long shoto but i figured reddit is the place to do it. any help would be appreciate it!++$++23
for those of you playing on ps3 with the new update, can you check this out for me (i'm a 360 player)? it says if you put someone into second chance, you now get credit for the kill. is this only in team games or does it apply to ffa as well? there are no assist points in ffa, so i'm wondering if the change still applies.++$++22
this event occured about a year and a half ago. i was downstairs (by myself) playing video games until about 4 in the morning. as i was making sure the house was locked up, i noticed a light was on in the kitchen. i made my way into the kitchen and turned off the light.then all hell broke loose.   as i stood in the kitchen, **every** single electronic device in my downstairs area sprang to life. the clock on my oven was flashing, my microwave had turned itself on and was set for 99 minutes and 59 seconds, tvs had been turned on to random channels, lights were flickering and dimming, and my surround sound stereo system was screaming garbled nonsense. i stood frozen in the kitchen, paralyzed with fear.   filled with adrenaline and fright, i managed to work up enough courage to move. i flew up my staircase, skipping 3-4 steps at a time, and ran straight into my parents' bedroom. i was frantic and out of breath, and could only point downstairs with a look of shock on my face. i will never forget what i witnessed as my parents and i peered over the banister: **nothing**. no lights were on, no tvs playing, no chaotic jibberish emanating from the stereo's speakers; it was as if nothing had happened at all.   i will never forget that night. to this day i will not stay downstairs by myself past 2:00 without a flashlight. you always hear of the cliche fear of the darkness, but now i'm afraid of the light...++$++18
well here we go. some context before the story: i am 23 years old, live in quebec with access to the universal medicare program. here we go. i live in great pain pretty much everyday; i do not know what i have and i pretty much lost any hope of getting cured. it all started about 3 years ago when i suddently felt a great pain in my right testicle. i went to the emergency thinking i had a testicular torsion (i was always taught never to fuck with testicle pain) or something. i was seen by a doctor on the spot, which ordered an echography. the results were weird, they could not find anything. she shrugged it off as being an epididymitis and gave me a dose of antibiotics to be certain that it wasnt anything else.the pain never left. i went to the same hospital 2-3 times after to be seen by a doctor but never i had a clear diagnosis. sometime after that i started feeling pain in my abdomen (right side) and getting daily one sided - constistant - headaches. i tried many times to seek medical help for these issues, went to easily 2-3 different hospitals and many clinics. i was "diagnosed" with: migraines, tension headaches, ibs, peritonitis (!) by different doctors. all of which were false as testing (bloodwork, imaging, etc.) never confirmed these diagnostics and medication never helped.recently i started feeling some weird swelling feeling in my neck, again on the right side. it feels like i have a inflammated gland in my neck. yet the doctors i've seen (from the basic family doctor to the ent) could never diagnose me. it's a bit of a summary and there is more to it. it is hard to go see a doctor and describe all the pains i have, they often get confused with such an assault of information and shrug it off as me being paranoid. most doctors were extremely cold to me and gave me the perception of them being incompetent. i pretty much accepted what is going on and try to live with that pain daily. my headaches sometimes make me dizzy, i often have trouble to speak, am skinny and never gain weight and pretty much live in outstanding pain everyday.tl;dr i'm fucked up and no doctor seems to give a shit. ama.++$++23
i'll start off with a little bit about my self. i'm 18 years old, and i've been an atheist for about 2 years now. i live in a fairly wealthy, conservative and white suburb of oklahoma city. i'm a fairly intelligent student, with high test grades. i'll be attending the university of oklahoma next fall. i was baptized in the catholic church by my parents  and i've gone to church just about every sunday of my life. i've always doubted the catholic faith; even as an 8 or 9 year old i saw through the bullshit rituals and greed of the catholic church. from the time that i started to think abstractly and reason, i've never committed myself to the catholic faith.   like said earlier, i became an atheist about 2 years ago. i've always been fairly liberal- possibly even extremist when compared to many peoples' viewpoints around here (lol). until my sophomore year, though, i had never really questioned my faith. i was an in-betweener- i still believed in god but didn't act like or or practice my faith at all. one day, during the spring semester, i just said "fuck it, i've been having doubts, so why not research it?" i saw the overwhelming proof for evolution, the fact that the earth is much older than 2000 years, and countless other things that our science classes never taught us. i was absolutely blown away. a whole new door was opened in my life! i never looked back.  so here i am, senior year. i'm absolutely ready to get out of this town. except, i have this huge, awful weight on my chest that i can't seem to get off. do i tell my parents? what will their reactions be? will they treat me different, will they respect me still? they've always regarded me as quite intelligent, but the way i've been accepted by some people at school for my belief (lack of them i suppose) makes me a bit wary.   so, r/atheism, should i do it asap? after i get out on my own legs? or not at all?tl;dr: i'm an oklahoman atheist with catholic parents; should i stell them? i appreciate all responses on this matter :)edit- i also want to add that my parents, against my will, made me go to catechism classes and eventually get confirmed, if you think that my help my case.++$++18
i don't know, just something i thought about. i've been told i have no confidence at all and i feel like sometimes i'm over thinking things.++$++17
i am 18 years old, and can safely say that something evil made contact with me once, and now i feel like it is attempting to come back... it all started back when i was 12 years old. i used to have a book called "goodnight, moon". my parents purchased it for me at a swap meet (because my family's nickname for me is moon) from a family who had lost their house in a fire. i had trouble falling asleep as a kid, and would usually wander around my house until i found someplace nice and cozy to lay down, usually outside of my parents room. one night, my parents decided to read the book to me to calm me down. as the tale of a little boy getting ready for bed slowly lulled me to sleep, there was a sudden gust of wind and all the lights in the neighborhood were extinguished. naturally, this made me lose my nerve, and i was awake all night. for the next couple days i had trouble sleeping, so my parents decided again to read "goodnight, moon" to me. they had just made it halfway through the book, when what felt like an 18-wheeler slammed into my house. we later found out that an earthquake had hit our little neighborhood, and thought nothing more of the matter, however i started to become a little suspicious of the book. i slept off and on for a couple of days, until i finally decided to try reading the book again myself, only to be interrupted by an aftershock from the earthquake that had occurred a few days prior to that night. i concluded that the book was "unlucky" and threw it into my closet, never to be seen again. or so i thought. as i grew older, i continued my pattern of wandering the house looking for safe, warm areas to sleep. i was getting a full 8 hours worth of sleep during these episodes, so my parents didn't think too much of it. that was until one night in june. i had been sleeping peacefully, until a deep, raspy, almost inhuman voice whispered in my ear to wake up. i quickly opened my eyes to the sight of pitch black darkness. then slowly, as my eyes adjusted to the lack of light, a figure seemed to appear out of the shadows, like it was sucking what little light there was from the closet. the figure began to take shape, a hulking, massive creature with no real human features at all. i stared in fear at this beast that appeared right before my eyes, and, as if sensing my fear, opened *its* eyes, which were merely slits of gaping darkness filled with light. i screamed for my parents, who quickly rushed into my room. they searched the entire room for me, and gasped in shock when they threw open the closet door to find me standing in the darkness, eyes wide open, gripping the book in my hands until my knuckles turned red. i immediately broke down into tears, and we threw away the book the very next day. it has been 6 years since this incident, and while i live in a new house, i have always been skeptical of closets, and whatever could be hiding inside their dark, seemingly cavernous interiors. my fear came to life last week, on january 15, 2011. a saturday. on thursday, the 13th, i woke up to the sound of my cat pawing furiously at my closet door. i yelled at it to stop, and it turned around instantly and stared directly into my eyes. waking up at 3:00 by your cat isn't exactly the most fun thing to do, so i merely fell back asleep. however, for the next two days i was awakened at exactly 3:00 to my cat pawing ferociously at my closet door. then, on saturday, i slept as peacefully as ever, until my mother burst into my room, frantically searching for me. she was screaming at me to get any valuables and get out of the house, for another earthquake was violently shaking the very foundation of our new home, but she immediately fell silent when she checked my closet. inside the pitch blackness, i stood completely still, staring vacantly at my closet wall, breathing heavily, and clutching "goodnight, moon" in my hands...++$++18
i am 22 years old and reside on the east coast of the u.s. i don't have a lot of money and have student loan payments due every month for the next 10 years if i pay nothing more and nothing less than my scheduled payments. my question for you is how can i travel to at least 3 other continents on the cheap?  i am planning to defer my loans. they are all subsidized so the government takes care of the interest that accrues over the course of the deferment. i am compelled to go now. if not now then when? i don't want to look back in 10 years and agree with the old adage that, "youth is wasted on the young." what advice can you give me regarding travel, life, hell anything would really help. thanks.++$++22
hey reddit,     i've recently found out about a great firefigher/emt school in a city a few hours from where i live. i have friends that live in the same town and i plan on moving in with them. also, the city i'm moving to has a massive amount of job opportunities.     although i am 22 years old. my parents (mother mostly) treat me like i'm 12. i talked about moving out before and they were not too happy with the idea. i need advice on telling them the news. although, this may sound like an easy task to most. i am, in a way, afraid to tell them.      please reddit: help a guy out?++$++22
i am 25 years old with a degree in childhood education and during my final semester in college i decided that teaching was not what i wanted to do.  i am now 2 years into a profession that i'm not that happy about and have been trying to get a new job for the last 6 months without much luck.lately i've been thinking "what if i went back to school?"  i now know what i'm interested in, i know the path to get to where i want to be and i think ultimately i could make a good living at it.  i still have a good amount of student loans from my undergraduate but those would freeze if i was enrolled in school.   i'm just wondering if anybody has done this and just completely restarted their undergraduate taking on more debt with the idea that they now know what they want to do and have their whole life to pay it off.tl;dr mid twenties, degree that i don't want to use, would it be worth it to do a second undergraduate if it meant that i would have a degree in a field that i wanted to be in for the rest of my life (for now)++$++25
i am 33 years old, i have a plethora of friends, a loving family and i somehow ended up in love with an arrogant, controlling boyriend.  i am not the girl this happens too, i don't have low self esteem, nor do i lack confidence. i have tried to date other people, i have even done so behind his back after i found out about some of his indescetions. regardless of what has happened, regardless of how volatile and dysfunctional our fights and break ups get, we end up back with each other. its been 2 and half years and everyone, everyone is bewildered as to why i am with him. he isn't succesful, he isn't nice, he isn't kind, and he isn't even social. we are complete and utter opposites, yet our chemistry, our connection when we are alone is undeniable. why is this? what is wrong with me?++$++33
hi r/fit, i'm 15 years old, male. at the moment, my workout routine is ss monday, wednesday, and friday, with kickboxing on saturday. i was thinking of throwing in interval cut downs to improve my cardio on sunday, tuesday, and thursday as well (1mile run, 400m walk, 1200m run, 400m walk, 800m run, 400m walk etc). would this be too taxing on my body? thanks!++$++15
i'm watching rugrats, and now that i'm older, i'm beginning to notice that these parents really don't give a shit about their kids.++$++21
just got back from my school's health center, which has a certain reputation for being incompetent. i have body aches, some chills, and a headache and despite testing negative for the flu they told me i probably had it anyway and prescribed me tamiflu.does this sort of thing happen a lot? i've had the flu before and remember it being worse (though i still do feel like shit).++$++21
ok, so here's the deal.. i am coming to you as a man in need of help.  a little background: i have never had a problem with self control in any other aspect of my life.  i am an ultra marathon runner, a mountaineer, i hold three degrees in the natural sciences and big dreams for the future.  i am 25 years old.i can will my mind and body to run and climb mountains to the edge of death, but when it comes to sex, i am totally powerless.  i don't want to have casual sex with my ex-girlfriends or whomever, but no matter what my goals are before i get horny, they will all disappear in the moment and my mind will find a way to justify the actions.recently i was traveling and found myself in the general vicinity of a girl i went to college with.  we had been good friends, and she called me and said i should come and visit.  she is extremely attractive and i knew she was married, but that was fine because i had absolutely no impure intentions.  i had met and spent time with her new husband- he is a really nice guy, he would have been glad that i stopped by.  her husband was out for the day doing something and it quickly became apparent by her words and the look in her eye that she wanted me. badly.i excused myself from the couch where we sat and went to the bathroom, looked at myself in the mirror and gave myself a talk "don't do this! this cannot end well, you are so much stronger than this!! don't fuck it up!!"  i was polite and courteous, until suddenly she kissed me.  then it was like i flipped a breaker and all judgement went out the window in a single instance.  we had intense sex. the second it was over, i gathered my senses as if i had just regained consciousness and i took in my surroundings and realized what happened.  i smiled, said goodbye and left on good terms with her.  i know that people here will tell me to go to hell and call me a douchbag, thats fine.  i *guarantee* that no one else here can be as hard on me as i have been on myself since this happened.  this is the first time this has happened with a married woman but definitely not the first time i wish i could have controlled myself better sexually.  this is not a problem if the girl is not attracted to me, it is only when she gets turned on that i do too.  consensual sex is the only thing that turns me on.i feel like my life would be about a thousand times better if i didn't feel the need to fuck everything.  just as we do things we normally wouldn't when we are drunk, our brains make powerful drugs too- they are not always welcome.so, is there any way to kill libido?  does anyone have a similar story?tl;dr: testosterone: not even once.++$++25
this really made me go wtf today.  i've been having a ton of trouble with my college's financial aid district.  they've been holding money for no reason, and then charging me $1700 when my tuition should be $600.  after talking with a ton of people, and getting an audience with the dean, they finally agreed that i shouldn't be charged that much for tuition.  they went into their computer records, attempted to change it around, and the computer refused the request.  after multiple tries, the computer system locked them out completely.  they called their it guy and he honestly had no clue why the computers were locking them out, and after an hour of tinkering, he gave up.  they eventually told me that apparently the computers refuse to change their records (they just recently switched software for the whole college system), so i'm screwed.as i was walking out, a teacher, a councilor, and the dean pulled me to the side and told me, without joke, that there's one way i can beat the computer: legally change my name and reapply at the school as a completely different person. :|i'm actually considering it, but this made me go wtf a million times today.**edit: i have quite a few people calling this fake.  sorry guys, but this is actually a real situation i was put in yesterday.****update:  i went by and talked to the same people again today, and they called up the dean.  after 30 minutes of standing there hoping for good news, they hung up the phone and told me that it's stuck this way forever.  i can continue either to pay inflated prices that i don't deserve, or i can change my name.  i'm now seeking legal counsel.**++$++21
i never really thought about it until i was reading on a post and someone had mentioned they only jerked off once a week. i do it maybe 3-7 times a day, some days only once, i am 25 years old, every morning i wake up with the hardest throbbing erection that will not subside unless i get off, it will stay for 2 hours, i try to resist the urge for hours, when girls spend the night which does happen, its 10x worse, i wake up and its thobbing hard as a diamond and rubbing against a naked body, i will start licking her pussy while shes sleeping or play with her til she wakes up i feel like im being a perverted fuck but i thought it was ok until i did it to my ex who i hooked up with drunkenly and she stopped me halfway through fucking saying her stomach hurt and had to pee anyway way off topic, my point is i jerk off alot, my dick is hard 4-5 hours a day no exageration, sometimes ijerk off at work in the bathroom, or in public bathrooms, i have really fucked up perverted fantasys for quickies, a few ex girlfriends told me i dont love them i just love having sex with them, maybe i should try to not jerk off or have sex for a while and see what happens? my weiner is out right now i was messin with it while i read a post about sex addictions and thats how i thoguht about it... edit: i think ive jerked off while driving a few times too, and during a lecture in highschool,++$++25
it wasn't that hard considering i've only been able to think about several topics nonstop since a life changing event i had a bit ago. i've been depressed for a while but i've never really been able to talk about the stuff that's been bothering me the most. the ones i wrote about are newer but i haven't been able to get them off my mind.++$++17
i am not talking about format etc., i'm a writer and i'll be fine in that category, but should we just try to write a really great pilot and then eventually down the line (a long stretch but just for understanding how it works) a network would pick it up and buy the show, etc?++$++20
i have gone 3 weeks and 4 days without a soda of any kind.  i've also consumed 72 ounces of water each day.i went boring and easy to see if i could actually stick with a resolution. how have your resolutions been going??++$++25
every time i feel one coming, i grab my laptop.++$++19
so i saw a sign for the blood drive on campus today, and this is the first time since i turned 17 (4 years) where i've had a 12-month period without getting a tattoo or piercing (piercing is 6mo i think, though).  i have never been allowed to donate, but i would like to now that i am.   my question is, they say i should eat a heavy breakfast tomorrow and good meals today, too, what can i eat that will make my body feel more up to donating blood, but not kill my current plan of 1410 cal/day? i don't want to screw up what i've been working so hard to commit to, but i dont want to donate if it isnt advisable at the moment either.  edit:   donated blood today and everything went just fine :)   yay!++$++21
i just started a new birth control pill about a week ago, and i'm confused about what's going on. i have had bad experiences with two other pills in the past and after taking a break from any medication for a few months, i went to planned parenthood to see what my options were (i don't have insurance and the campus doctors have treated me like crap so i'm not going back there).  the doctor put me on microgestin because it was a lower dose and would hopefully have less side effects.  she did also say some women on this pill don't have their period sometimes, which is still weird to me....   anyway, i started taking it last sunday after i had my period a few days before.  now im only halfway through the 2nd week of pills and it seems i have my period again.  quite annoying :(   i know sometimes it takes awhile to adjust and whatnot, but is this normal? i never experienced spotting before birth control so i'm honestly not sure what is normal.  it started off as what i think is just spotting for 2 or so days, now it feels like a regular period.  if this is normal adjustment and everything, should i still expect to get my period during the inactive pills? anyone have experience with this particular pill? any advice would be helpful :)  i apologize for any typos, submitting from my phone.++$++21
i have been using quick profiles pro for longer than i can remember and it's *almost* perfect.i love that i can create sound profiles that are easily accessible directly from my notification bar. i can switch to any profile in two presses, but most importantly, i can drag down my notification bar to quickly peek at what profile i'm currently using. the only thing it's missing, though, is the ability to auto-switch profiles based on gps location or time.are there any better options out there? or, is there a way to use tasker to switch my quick profiles pro profiles based on context? i know i can set up sound profiles with tasker, but i want my notification to change as well so i can quickly see what profile i'm on.++$++24
i'm a junior and i'm supposed to know already but i don't. although, with my grades, community college may be the only option. if i was somehow able to choose any college i wanted, how would i decide?++$++17
hi everyone,i will give a little bit of background information to help you respond to my query. i am 23 years old working in the it industry for 3 years; i am studying part time and have nearly completed my bachelor of it degree.i am in my second it job which i have been working in for approx. 12 months which is a small business of 14 staff. i enjoy the work i do, i get along with everyone i work with and the salary is quite good. the only issue i see with this place is that it is family based so there is no real opportunity for a promotion or to climb the ladder so to speak.my previous employer contacted me with an opportunity to work for a large national company and gave them my contact details. i entertained the idea as it has the possibilities for growth and possibly higher starting salary. i have had a meeting as such with the general manager and they are pretty keen to have someone start, i have not been made an offer yet but i am pretty confident that they will.the potential employer is a national it company doing similar types of work that i am currently doing but on a much larger scale. they have more resources and offer more services to clients then my current employer. they have won many awards and are growing very rapidly.currently i am in two mind frames as to which way to go but i cant really decide yet.current employer pros:get along well with everyone and the managersenjoy the work i doclose to work, walking distance if requiredcompetitive salarycurrent employer cons:smaller company, family based so growth within is very limitedpotential employer pros:larger company have the opportunity to work on larger projectspotential for internal growth / promotion down the trackpotential employer cons:this is a cbd location so travel to work is going to be at least 30 mins + each day with tollsi would be coming into the company very junior as they generally recruit people aged 25+ with qualifications already obtained and the other staff members are obviously older then myself.so i dont know if i should stay where i am and work here for another year or two and finish of the degree and be at a stage with more experience and then look at working for a larger company with the potential for growth. or if i should take this opportunity and fast track my career with the potential to advance.if i get an offer and the salary is the same or only slightly increased i dont think that i would be worth the extra travel and tolls each day as it wont benefit by financially. if this is the case and i turn down the offer i dont want to burn my bridges with this company as it is a place i could see myself working at a later stage in life if i dont do so now.if i do take the offer i dont want to regret it and end up being in a worst position.so does anyone have any advice or recommendations on what they would choose? or does anyone recommend what questions i could ask if i do receive an offer which would assist in making a decision?++$++23
at age 9, i took an iq test (wais, according to my papers), and scored a range of 142-152. for those of you not familiar with the wais, this score indicates a genius level of intelligence. great. i mean, i was a super-precocious kid... i read avidly, and have always been more of a perceiver versus a judger, which causes me to suspect that i purposely fooled the test-er, what with my extensive vocabulary and ability to read social cues. i've always tested well. and being a "genius", well... i was always taken out of classes to do "special" projects and whatnot. and it was all fun and everything, but i never had to work hard at anything, until i hit high school. and by that point, i just did not give a single fuck. and so, after 3 different high schools, i dropped out at 17, and got my ged. which was easy as fuck, of course. by now, i've done more than my fair share of drugs, drinking, partying, fucking anything with a cool dick - you know, your stereotypical self-destructive lifestyle. i'm 24 years old. and everyone that i was "smarter" than has surpassed me. they've all graduated college and moved on to bigger and better things. real jobs. amazing salaries. husbands/wives. houses. ugly ass fucking kids. whatever. but here i am, still getting hammered and living in a communal house of aging formerly-"cool" fuck ups. we have nothing to show for anything, save for a growing list debts and regrets.i was the "golden" child; i was the kid who was supposed to go to harvard and have an amazing career with fucking multitudes of accomplishments and whatever. instead, i work a 9-5 entry level job, answering phones to fix people's cable and internet. and you know what? i like my job. ever since being "diagnosed" a genius, i've suffered from the crippling disease of perfectionism. child geniuses. where are you now? are you successful? or did you fuck everything up somewhere down the line and end up a lazy ass fucking piece of shit like me? tl;dr: i was literally a child genius, who never had to try at anything. now i'm a lazy piece of shit adult, surpassed by all of the "dumber" kids i grew up with, with nothing to show for anything. anyone else have this same experience? edit: you know, i realize this sounds like the dumbest fucking self-indulgent piece of crap ever.++$++24
so i have had this fairly large mole on my face near my lips for the majority of my life (i am 22 years old). i went to the dermatologist 2 years ago and she advised against removing it just because it was raised fairly high and if it was removed that i would have to take very good care of the area while it healed to prevent scarring and even then there might be a fairly visible scar. i was wondering if anyone has any experience with mole removal surgery? was there bad scarring? i have become self conscious about it because i know people notice it because their eyes gravitate towards it and i feel like it removes a lot of the symmetry from my face. i feel the possible scarring from surgery to fix it might be worth it because the mole is very dark and i feel if there was a scar it would be less noticeable.++$++22
i sometimes will smoke up and then go for a long run. i never ran much prior to about 5 years ago, but since i started, it's been hard to stop. smoking a bowl (or in my case a partial bowl) before running, and listening to some good music during, is a great experience. i find myself in a very positive, energetic and motivated state of mind.    anyone else?    if so, what music do you listen to? i am looking for more music recommendations. i generally like instrumental-type stuff, or electronic. tool is mostly known for rock, but they are great musicians and some of their songs are really great to listen and zone out to. to give you an idea of what i like, here are a few artists/songs (in no particular order that i listen to):    tool, kasabian, balligomingo, enigma, massive attack, paul oakenfold, puscifer, ... sure there are some more, but those are the most common.    why do you like running high? what kind (if any) music do you enjoy?++$++30
hola, reddit bros and broettes. i was arrested earlier in the day for a misdemeanor charge and was stuck in holding for a while because of it. i'd discuss the case more but since it's still pending i'm guessing i should hold back on it for a while. i'm 19 years old, and while this is technically my 3rd arrest, it was my first time actually in cuffs in the back of a car. i experienced a wide range of emotions during my relatively short stay in the drunk tank (note: i was not intoxicated at all) ranging from extreme anger, to almost bawling my eyes out, laughing incredulously and basking in serenity, among others. while i do realize that i wasn't actually there that long for anything serious and that other amas might be way more intriguing, i feel like i just had an experience i won't forget for quite a while and, not knowing how many other redditors have been in the same position, i decided to craft this massive run-on sentence and then to try to possibly answer any questions anyone has about it, from a non-police, not-actual-criminal (i fully expect the charges to be dismissed as did everyone else but the arresting officer, who was a dick) perspective while the night is fresh. ask away, if you wish.++$++19
i don't mean a just a little, i mean a lot. i'm coasting through life doing menial jobs that don't offer me any satisfaction and i'd like to go to college for something that will end up serving me well. i know that there is natural aptitude involved when it comes to mathematics as well as practice and hard work, but for the life me i can't even do long division without help. it's terribly embarrassing for me and i'd like to conquer this crippling lack of mathematical knowhow.i'm 28 years old, no degree, no long term prospects or anything resembling a career. i'm sick and tired of this shit and i want to better myself and get a damn degree that will give me some form of hope other than odd jobs that pay the rent and keep my fridge stocked with pbr.i'm pretty decent with computers from a layman's point of view, but many of you on this wonderful site make me feel utterly stupid in comparison. so i guess what i'm saying is where do i start with math to get me to a point where i can pursue a degree in some form of computer awesomeness an finally stop being a disgusting slacker who just gets by?++$++28
i'm renting a college house. it's really a pretty shitty house. a few months ago i heard an animal in my bedroom wall. i told our landlord and they called "critter control" and it turned out to be a squirrel. well, there must have been multiple squirrels because it never completely went away. and after a while, the animal control people stopped coming.so, is there anything bad about this? they don't seem to be inside the actual house, just in the wall. our landlord knows about it. is there any reason to raise a fuss besides the annoyance of hearing it every so often?**edit:** ok, good points. i'm gonna call them tomorrow morning.++$++22
for some reason or another i have trouble lasting a while when having sex. maybe 2 minutes on a really bad day. when i am drunk or high i can make it last a lot longer say 5 - 10 minutes but i don't want to have to be under the influence to get real performance.i have tried control when i am masturbating and it helps a little but when i start having sex i get super worked up my heart races and it is a real struggle to hold on. i have tried stopping and going to oral stimulation on my partners and starting again, changing positions, "ultra sensitive" condoms (they just made my dick numb and uncomfortable) and other little "tricks" besides medication but i still find it difficult to start again without the sensation to ejaculate immediately returning.i am really at my wits end here and it took me a while to build the courage to come to my reddit family with this problem. i am afraid to ask anyone about it because i fear anyone i try to discuss my issue with will loose respect for me. the issue is extremely serious for me because it makes me very self conscious and hurts my confidence and self esteem. i am a very social person by normal standards and i have an above average size dick (just over 8 inches) but when i try and build the confidence to ask a girl out or get a number i find my mind chasing me back to this problem and i become to afraid to progress. **edit 1:** out of curiosity, what is the average time a man usually lasts?**edit2:** if it matters i am 21 years old.**tl;dr:** is there any way to improve my performance in bed and bring back my old confident self?++$++21
the background image is [here](http://i.imgur.com/uz9tx.jpg "team_awesome bg") (711px)   the right side logo is [here](http://i.imgur.com/f0ol5.jpg "fuck yeah!") (273px)the code is as follow:    body {    background: url(%%bgta%%)     no-repeat fixed center center    }    .side {    padding-top: 273px;    padding-right: 1px;    background-image: url(%%logosm%%);    background-repeat: no-repeat    }"bgta" and "logosm" are the name you give to the image before you hit upload on the stylesheet edit page.let me know if you need a resize on any of these files.++$++32
is he an asshole, or am i crazy?i think it's an unreasonable request. i was furious though, and called him a pedophile, among other things.edit: to clarify, i'm 20 years old, so it's not like i'm got some nasty dried up old bitch action going on and an afro-bush is just the style that was popular when she was growing up. how bad could it be at 20 years old? edit: for those interested in the wording of the conversation, i was necking on him and whispered in his ear, "will you go down on me?" he replied, "no, not until you trim or shave." simple as that.  what kind of asshole says that to a 20 year old girl?++$++20
i'm trying to run peerblock 1.1 on a win7 x64 machine. when i do, i get an error message that says specific, necessary services aren't running.okay, i think. no problem, i'll go and start them up.base filtering engine doesn't appear in the list of services.ipsec policy agent can't run because "the dependency service does not exist or has been marked for deletion."ike and authip ipsec keying modules has the same error as ipsec policy agent.this is a relatively new problem, i'm not really sure what's causing it.what do?++$++22
i don't want to sound like an asshole who belittles women, but seriously reddit, what say you?++$++20
i don't have a whole lot to offer this community as i'm mostly learning. i have always been a social person however and i can think of three things that genuinely make people like you more. obviously these things are conditional and depend on the context, but often can help make people like you. sorry if these things have already been posted   1. say peoples names when you are saying goodbye. the favorite word of every person is their first name. instead of saying just "bye" its just as easy to say "bye john". this gives a more familiar feel and people will respond to it.   2. praise peoples friends. if you get someone alone want them to like you more say something like "your friends are a blast." this is a compliment they won't feel awkward about accepting. you don't directly say they are a blast but tacitly imply it. it works real well in my experience.   3. finally, this one is pretty specific, if your talking on the phone and someone is doing something funny, say they are cracking you up. actually tell the person on the phone,. its better than laughter because you admit that you approve of their humor. it makes em' feel good.these are just opinions. feel free to disagree and write about it.++$++20
this didn't really seem to fit in any of the filmmakers subs, so i thought i would post here. i apologize if there is a better place for this and will humbly accept your chastising and downvotes.i am 26 years old, graduated from a solid college in 2007 (trinity university in san antonio, tx) and would like to get back to graduate school in the next year or so. i've known since college that i really wanted to teach film studies at the collegiate level, but here's the bad news - i don't have a lot of free cash kicking around, and so i'm really dependent on student teaching positions and tuition waivers to get the job done. i tried to move back to texas a year after graduating - i am from, and currently live in, juneau, alaska - and the economy killed my credit card and sent me back home with my tail between my legs. between my limited savings and my intense amount of college loans, i have to weigh financial support above all else when looking at programs.i've currently applied to a couple of schools (brown, emory, university of wisconsin-madison) for the fall of 2011, and i have a few more that i'm going to be applying to. i was wondering if other people out there knew of good film-centric programs - could be a communication program with a film emphasis - that do a good job of funding their graduate students. i tend to eschew the more competitive universities - the nyus and uscs of the world - because i won't get much in the way of financial support from them, and don't necessarily feel the need to be accepted to a major program as long as i don't need to take out any additional college loans.how 'bout it, friends? any current academics out there? anyone willing to give some advice to someone who would rather teach about movies than make them?++$++26
im basically starting a business, i have created a few programs through microsoft excel which are basic calculators and simple commands. i want to make them more professional by making them into executable forms or programs. im thinking of using visual basic express / 6.0  .i just wanted to hear some input on a few programs that would be helpful. as well as any links to help me learn. any and all help would be appreciated :d++$++23
sadly today it has shit the bed...and im quite devastated to say the least.p.s. i miss you old buddy++$++20
so, i'm 21 years old. i have a friends with benefits relationship with my ex. its great and a lot of fun. the sex is amazing. i get a raging hard-on as soon as she gets in the car. but i don't feel the same way about her as i used to and i'm probably gonna end it officially in the next few days. but the problem is, i have trouble performing when i'm with other girls. i have a hard time getting it up. either i don't get hard and the night is ruined, or i get hard, but only after like 2 hours when she's basically dry. its really annoying me. it has started to affect my self-esteem. when i think about picking up a girl or bring one back to my place, i just think what's the point. i know its all performance anxiety, but it still really bothers me and it is a problem. do you think a doctor would prescribe viagra even if its just anxiety and that i'm only 21?++$++21
my gpa is terrible and i failed my sat.they put me in 2 special ed classes because of my depression. i think they may have just been using that as an excuse though.++$++17
hi guys. i'm kind of at the end of my rope. this has been going on, seems like years now. don't really know when it started. i think i might go through with it this time. not really sure why i'm posting other than a cry for help. my life is fine, filled with all kinds of "hope" and "potential" and good things. there are paths i could take, plenty of opportunities, but i just don't care. i'm 30 years old and have nothing to show for it. i look out towards the future and see nothing but barren wasteland. i'm living for a short time in my ex gf's house with her and her brother. i am unwanted here. i'm looking at finding another job somewhere in the country. i don't want to go but i can't stay here. i am now certainly an alcoholic. these thoughts of death and dropping off the map plague me and scare me because it could so easily happen. i'm raging drunk every night and have guns a'plenty. it would be so easy to do, and it's so inviting. every passing minute grates on my consciousness. they say suicide is selfish. i don't care. the pain of being here any longer is too much for me to bear.++$++30
when i automate an instrument's volume, i usually bring it down for multiple reasons. but whenever i bring it down i have to bring it bacvk up which kinda ruins the point of silencing it. is there anyway to make my automation go down and stay down but come back up when the automation clip is gone?++$++15
i'm in my guitar class now, everyone keeps talking about it. the student was apparently deleted her facebook because she was so embarrassed. i don't really know everything yet but apparently they were having sex at school in the bathroom. i can't help but think they handled this situation wrong. now the girl will get crap for the rest of the time she is in high school. what do you think about it?++$++17
i'm in my guitar class now, everyone keeps talking about it. the student was apparently deleted her facebook because she was so embarrassed. i don't really know everything yet but apparently they were having sex at school in the bathroom. i can't help but think they handled this situation wrong. now the girl will get crap for the rest of the time she is in high school. what do you think about it?++$++17
in my year of being on the internet, i've learned a little bit...it starts out luring you in with pictures of cats and then it gets you.you can never feel comfortable on the internet.everything fun has a creepy factor.finding something fun without the creepy factor is the challenge of the internet. the internet has a *thing* for kids.the internet is able to track you down using only your comments from reddit.and i would add more but i'm running low on time. what do you think?++$++17
rent is about 400. utilities around 70-100.i have a 2/2 apartment by ben white and i-35. my lease is up in march but i will be renewing it. room mate is leaving, probably within the next couple days, so it'll be available in february if you need a place sooner.the entire apartment is 1080 square feet. huge closets if that helps. it's a nice looking place, but i don't have a lot of furniture or decoration in it right now.i'm an introverted, quiet type of person and think someone similar to me would be best. i'm 27 years old. i do clinical trials to pay my rent. i'm really not loud or into partying. i'm into eating healthy, running, computers, art, and frugality. i don't drink alcohol or do drugs of any kind.i have no problem with people coming over and hanging out, but i prefer there not be any loud crazy parties happening here. if you do any kind of smoking it has to happen outside. no heavy drug users either please. my number one request is that you be able to clean up after yourself. this is the primary reason the current room mate is leaving. he doesn't have this ability. if you're artistic and computer literate we should get along well.my facebook if you're interested in what i look like:http://www.facebook.com/#!/profile.php?id=1079844602the website for the complex with some pictures:http://www.milestonerents.com/apartment/montecito-apartments-austin-tx-4m0360495389++$++27
i want something economical that will last forever and works like a charm. thanks.++$++22
i'm 20 years old and still living at home with my mother while i work my way through community college. during most of my childhood and teens, she was working, out with friends, or on narcotics, so she was never really around to supervise or parent me. this was hard for me, but i learned to become independent and do for myself, etc.well now she's out of work and it seems like she's turned from one extreme to another. now i can't even shower or dress myself without her asking, "where are you going???". i can't leave the house without the same question and she's starting to snoop through my belongings, trying to take my cell phone to read texts/ call logs while i'm sleeping, questioning nearly everything i do and anyone i hang around. i've given her no real reason to start doing these things. i don't do drugs, i don't smoke or drink but at the occasional party (we're talking maybe  once every two months or so here) and it's just driving me nuts! and i don't know what to do or say without risking getting kicked out.it's just become miserable. i do have my own private life that i like to keep separate from my family (i'm gay, and out amoungst friends) but these are things i don't care to share with my mother or her crazy southern baptist side of the family. i'm just stuck. does anybody else have stories like this? and how did you overcome?edit: sorry for mistakes, types this from my phone.++$++20
hi reddit, i barely found this sub/r/ today and after reading a few posts i got inspired to confessing one of the things i'm most ashamed of in my life. no, it is not that i'm a virgin, but that i have lied to everyone about it. i am 20 years old and i'm a junior in college. i am terrible with girls. i have no problem speaking to them in the context of class, friendship or any social interaction that does not involve sex. once i start liking a girl, however, i never know what to do. my biggest problem, and this i just realized recently, is that i am terrified of asking girls out. i have always found justifications not to do it. i usually tell myself it is not the right time, she just ended a relationship, she likes someone else, i dont want to betray her trust, etc. what is worst is that the longer i wait the more scared i am. one of the reasons i dont feel comfortable hooking up with girls i know is that i have no experience and i am scared of fucking up. this, in turn, makes me wait even longer, which makes me even moe lame cuz now im older and still have no experiece. by now i am sure most of my close friends know i have been lying and that i'm actually a virgin (i told them i had sex in high school), but no one has confronted me about it. this post turned a bit into a rant, but i need ur advice reddit. does anyone have experience overcoming this fear of asking girls out? what is the best way/time to ask someone out?to girls: would girls really think bad of me because of my lack of experience?edit: i work at the food court in my university and there is this girl working in another restaurant. she is really cute. i always see her taking things back and forth from the main kitchen as she passes in front of my restaurant. she has definately noticed me and knows i work there. is it appropriate for me to go ask her if she wants to go out for a coffee after her shift is over? should i wait to talk to her after work?++$++20
i know posts like this are becoming way overdone here on reddit, but it's 12:45 in the morning and i have nobody to vent too and i just need to get my thoughts out somehow.i am 24 years old, and have been in a relationship with a great woman for 3 years.  like any couple, we had our ups and downs, a lot of which stemmed from it being a distance relationship.  only an hour, but still.  but we talked about our problems and got through it, becoming a stronger couple along the way.  we have known each other since i was 16 and started dating at 21, and tonight i got off work to find a text message saying, in so many words, that it was over.  i don't know why.  i don't know what's going on.  she says we never talk about our problems, but that is only true of the last few months, and i have tried to talk about issues that have popped up and she just shut me down, so i figured it wasn't an issue.  wasn't ever anything major or particular, but just shit that normal couples try to resolve.  now i just feel hurt and i can't even get an explanation as to why.  worse yet, is i have been pretty much in in a relationship with someone since i was 14-15, and am completely ill-equiped  when it comes to meeting women and talking to them on any sort of more-than-friends level.  i guess i always saw a future with this woman, and it all just fell apart for reasons i don't even know.  i'm not here to piss and moan and feel sorry for myself, i just feel confused as hell, don't know how to take this, and don't know where i go from here.  can anyone offer any insight as to wtf is going on, and maybe some advice on where to go from here as far as meeting other women and actually getting anywhere with them?sorry for the rambling format, i am just kinda feeling numb and writing a stream of conscience.++$++24
i have no need for it, i only use adsense for revenue on my [blog](http://minimal-desktop.blogspot.com/). first person to post gets it. i'll send a scan of the card via pm (hosted on my own webspace of course).++$++19
once you get your weight down then you have to put a fat barrel in it which makes the whole idea of ultralight pointless.++$++20
this won't be short. this isn't for you "tl;dr" people.i am 15 years old. i live in canada, and this has been going on for as long as i can remember.every single thing here is 100% true. i'm not sugarcoating anything, not making things more interesting. this is exactly what's been happening to me.the first thing i remember (keep in mind, this is all in the same house) is when i lived in my first room. i was about 7 years old. i was in bed early because i had to get up for school the next morning. i slept well, until i woke up in the middle of the night. i don't know what time it was, but it was late, because my parents were in bed. i woke up to a... well, it's hard to explain really. it was a shadow. but it was white, and it had no features. just an outline of someone filled in with white. he had shaggy hair, from what i could tell, and he was wearing a hat. and he was just beside my bed. i woke up, so startled, i stared at him and didn't move until i eventually passed out. i woke up, and surprisingly, didn't tell anybody.another incident, i'm pretty sure it was soon after, was once again me waking up in the middle of the night. i did not know what time it was, but this time, i woke up and saw something as soon as i became conscience. i woke up, sat straight up, sweating, and saw my great grandmothers old blanket jump. hard to explain, really, but it almost seemed like someone punched it with a 3 foot long arm through the floor upwards. that freaked me out. but, once again, i didn't tell anybody the next morning.i was scared shitless to sleep, mind you.the next thing i remember is when i woke up to sounds. it's easy to describe, really."ahhhhhhhhhggghghgghhh"not loud. just a soft moan. not in pleasure, but in distress. like a banshee, i suppose.that happened several times. i even called my stepdad in, and he didn't hear a thing. i eventually passed out. this is the last experience i had as a young child. it's the only time i had ever fallen out of bed.thing is, i didn't fall. it was almost as if i was thrown. my mom happened to be up and in the bathroom, and my room is across from the bathroom. she opened the door, asked if i was okay, etc.i don't remember much. i never do when i'm too tired.but i remember me being much too far from my bed to have just "fallen out".fast forward a few years, into my third room i lived in (not a lot happened in my second room), and you'll find me in my basement. i moved down there just after i turned 14. this is why i refuse to sleep down there.before i tell you about my incidences, you know that period of a few minutes in between being asleep and conscience? as if you're floating, and on occasion, waking up with the room spinning, or something like that?that's when i was disturbed the most.first incident: a few friends were spending the night. they are twin brothers, and one of them had the ipod that could take video. well, we filmed all our good times, of us just doing stuff that we do. nothing productive, but enough to keep us entertained. we watched the videos we took, and in each and every single one of them, there was a faint ringing. for example:twin 1: "hey man, i was playing halo one time"twin 2: "oh yeah?"me: "is halo all you play?"*ring*like that. happened several times. freaked us right out.second incident: i was sleeping in my basement like normal, when suddenly i woke up, extremely startled.i looked at my alarm clock. it was spinning, shifting around, dancing all over the table beside my bed. it's a rather large alarm clock, too. the noise was unbearable. i bolted upstairs, and woke my parents up. my mother has always been caring, and she understood. she's had experiences like this as well as a child. we watched tv until i went back to bed and dozed off.third incident: i woke up, in between being conscience and asleep, like i told you. this is the most terrifying thing i have ever experienced.i woke up. and something whispered at me. i bolted up, and i remember thinking "what the fuck was that!?". i got up, turned on my light, and tried convicing myself it was my imagination. which is hard for me, i tend to jump to conclusions. but i really didn't want that to be true. i was almost ready to go back again when, with my lights on and everything, i heard it again. it was soft, like someone whispering in your ear. it killed me. i'm so fascinated with all this, yet i could never approach something like it. i never figured out what they said. it sounded like it was right over my shoulder.and it was, i imagine. it was colder then the south pole down there.that could be normal, mind you. it is, after all, a basement.anybody else with similar happenings?++$++15
sorry this is part legitimate question, part rant.   i am 22 years old female, hypothetically in my dating prime, and yet for some reason finding a boyfriend/friend with benefits/one night stand is one of the last things on my mind. **just to be clear**, i am not trying to rage on those who are happily committed/looking for a significant other, my issue is with those who seem to make this the top and only priority.i can't seem to have a conversation with a majority of my friends any more that doesn't some how involve who they are trying to date/bang/marry. maybe i wouldn't be so annoyed if these conversations didn't feel constant. 'what did you think of 'such and such show'   'so and so is sexy.'  'want to go get food?'  'let me change encase we run into any one hot.' it is getting to the point where i feel like i am the one with the problem.  why doesn't this seem to be in the forefront of my brain? it is rare that i notice how attractive someone is unless it is specifically pointed out to me. i can't remember the last time i generally was pro-active about finding a partner.  please tell me i am not the only one.tl;dr  am i the only one who isn't remotely concerned with bumpin uglies?++$++22
i am 17 years old, and i work at a marble slab in sevierville, tn.today a well dressed couple came in, and they were very friendly. we both drove bmw's so we talked about beamers for a while, and we talked about going to college while i made their ice cream. they complimented my work ethic and handed me a $100 bill. i could not believe it. i thanked them profusely and i cant stop thinking about it. tip your waiters well. it could strike someone at the right moment and change their perspective on people.++$++17
.++$++17
u have gud grammer, keep it ^! you're 3th gird tercher moost be prood...++$++17
.++$++17
im currently at work, i plan on leaving because of many reasons. i basically do paralegal work but my boss is very unappreciative, i have done some basic accounting and can see that my department ( 3 people ) has made him over $70,000 in the last 6 months, that is including all expenses like rent, and even staffing for other departments.so basically he has me making about $12 and hour, and had made so many promises of how i would get a raise and this and that. he also fired me a few weeks ago because the secretary found my "resume" on her computer, but when she came back form work it was gone, this never happened. but her word was enough for him to fire me and give me 2 days to leave, as he claimed "that is all i will need to replace you, this is a buyers market", i said fine but i think its dumb you would believe that, and so he let me keep my job.long story short the guy is not really a man of his words, he is a bit of an asshole, he is extremely smart (lawyer) but cannot run a business. so i got a new offer where i will get paid a little more, and im also wanting to start my own side-business, i am unaware of how to give my 2 weeks notice, i feel that if i give my notice i might be fired on the spot.the only thing that keeps me from quitting on the spot are my 2 co-workers, they are extremely good people so i wouldnt wanan leave them with alot of work ( i am the only billiungual person in the office, and 90% of our clients only speak spanish).the boss just never appreciates the work, and im ready to do something that can benefit my future. today friday i signed up 3 new clients, so i have about $7000 to hand over to the main boss today. i though about just handing over all the money along with my letter of resignation. i would just to like to hear what other people think would be a good idea.++$++23
i use google images to find random pictures a lot. problem is, while thumbnails from results on photobucket load on gi, the actual image does not load on photobucket (and, of course, you can't view images directly on photobucket for some absurd reason). i've tested this in opera, firefox, ie, chrome, safari, and a few ipod browsers. i've started avoiding photobucket like the plague because of this behavior.++$++19
is there a specific website i can go onto to view reddit on my phone? like m.reddit.com or something to that effect?++$++20
today, my school fucked me over so i won't be able to go to college. that's only one more thing to add to the list of things i failed at though.my life has never really been good. i've never had any friends or anything else. i've also never had anything to be proud of. i've always just been the invisible guy.i've had depression since about the age of 7. it was really bad at the start of this school year and i planned on killing myself, until my school counselor talked me out of it. after that, my depression and way of thinking changed entirely. i still was depressed and had suicidal thoughts every day but i just sort of got used to the fact that life sucks. i've been just going through the motions since and after the last time, i felt i owed it to my parents to stay alive.now, i don't know so much anymore. do i owe it to them or anyone else?++$++17
i spend one week a month in a different city for work. cleveland, atlanta, chicago, and tampa bay. currently i call cleveland home, but will probably be relocating to chicago sometime this year. i exited a long term relationship about six months ago, and have found it difficult to find or maintain one through traditional means due to my travel.i am 26 years old, have a great job, am nice and friendly. have no serious personality defects, am not obese, and generally have my life pretty much completely together.i would like to find someone that i can talk to online and become friends with, and then take out around chicago when i am in town. if interested in starting a new friendship, well hey send me a pm!++$++26
fuck i knew this would happen. they put me in 2 special ed classes because of my depression and now they think i'm a failure like the students that actually belong in this fucking program. i'm so pissed right now, i have no idea what to do. i'm a junior right now and to get into a college, i need 4 credits in each core class. they are only letting me take 3 years of each subject because they say i don't need 4 years to graduate high school. all year they've treated me like a delinquent and they think i won't make it in a university so i'm just "throwing money away". sign ups for classes ends today and i still can't get them to change their minds.++$++17
i am 31 years old male and have been married for 11 years. lately while making love to my wife i am fantasizing another male making love to my wife with me. this turns me on so much. i am holding myself  not to say anything to my wife. when i finish i feel very very guilty about this. i feel ashamed of my self. i promise not to say anything to my wife and not to think this again but i can not help myself for the same thing happening next time when we make love.what is wrong with me?++$++31
i am 20 years old.  i weigh 155 pounds and i am 6'1.  i run ~2 miles a day, and that is a light amount of running for me.  but i am super skinny.  specifically my forearms.  i have no access to any type of gym, and no equipment.   i have ~70 dollars to spend.  i guess i just want massive weight gain, what should i do? i saw the gallon of milk a day diet which looks good, but i still need to exercise some how.++$++20
a 28 year old high school teacher was just caught having sex in the bathroom with his 15 year old student. he had apparently been married for a brief period of time. i'm curious how someone would feel in this situation.++$++17
that i find most girls in nsfw, and gw, and legalteens etc. etc. more sexy when they have clothes on? like just bra and panties or even like some shorts and a tank or something...anyone else think this?++$++24
when i felt my arm just now and realized i had significant muscle development, the first thing i thought was "holy shit, i'm getting muscles like dad!"i'm 24 years old and in the best shape of my life; my dad's 65 now, and has lost lots of his strength. however i'm pretty sure he'd still dominate me in an arm wrestling match. anyone else just wanting to be strong like dad?i'll be sure to tell him about this realization. :)++$++24
.++$++17
i'm looking at buying a complete set of hex dumbbells for a home gym i'm building.  however, the prices are crazy!  i've been watching craigslist and the stuff there isn't much cheaper (presumably because weights last forever and therefore maintain their resale value).tonight an idea dawned on me... i have a bit of experience importing stuff from china.  i know how to deal with the customs brokers and freight companies.  most recently i had 15,000 computer network cables custom manufactured there, shipped over, which i later resold to the us military.  if i were to import the dumbbells, i'd likely need to place a large enough of an order to account for 10 - 30 full sets (2/ea. of 5 - 100 lbs) of them.  i'd have it trucked in to my place, break them down onto pallets, and then ship them off freight to whoever placed an order.i haven't yet gotten quotes on pricing, but does this idea interest anyone?edit:  it took me 83 days to get those network cables manufactured and delivered (30 days alone to come across the ocean).  adding in a week or so for me to break down the orders and have it delivered to you, it might take up to three months for you to get your weights.  another downside is that overseas manufacturers almost always require prepayment via a wire transfer.  therefore i'd have to charge your credit card and hang onto your money that long.  (i run my own, reputable business and would be happy to provide references, but i mention it because it might be a deal breaker for some of you.)edit #2:  ok. initial pricing is looking like about $0.60-0.65/lb. which is about 40% off of retail.  i'd also be able to mix-and-match quantities/weights so you wouldn't have to order a full set.  a full 5 - 100 lb. set would probably be in the $1300 - 1400 range, so this would save you about $1,000.++$++33
i'm seriously considering making a move to a new job. the new offer is for a little more money, way better benefits, a much stabler company, more enjoyable atmosphere (casual), and i'll be going from a 2hour per day commute down to about 40min.the catch is, i currently hold a senior-level position, and the new offer is for a non-senior position (same title but minus the senior). the responsibilities between both jobs are pretty similar.is this a bad move? it didn't really bother me too much at first, but some of my wife's friends in the hr field said it would look bad on my resume, almost like a demotion. what do you think? i'm 30 years old, if that makes a difference.++$++30
hey, i'm 19 years old and have less than $800 in my bank account. not enough to fly to egypt, (wellington) or pay for accommodation. i would hate to miss out on such a historic event, anyone know if this could be even remotely possible to do?accommodation-wise: my best bet would to hopefully contact a redditor in egypt and try to arrange free accommodation in cairo. however i'm stuck when it comes to travel.any suggestions?++$++19
hello, i've had a hole in one of my teeth because of a cavity and as i was eating i chipped a part of my tooth which now exposes the cavity inside. what should i do?++$++24
i'm arguing with someone, let's call him bob. he thinks that if you do not believe in one god, you are an atheist. i'm arguing that to be an atheist you must deny the existence of all gods.he's arguing based on the definition: the doctrine or belief that there is no god. to him, the term "god" apparently means one specific deity. whereas i believe the term "god" means the idea of what god is at any given time or place.are either one of us right [on the correct understanding of the definition]*?and til there are two subreddits for atheism, one spelled correctly and one spelled incorrectly. who knew?edit: bob says "ok, maybe my definition is skewed." bob is the atheist and i am not, so it was causing me a lot of confusion that he had that idea of atheism.**edit 2: bob retracts his statement of having a skewed definition**++$++20
hi, i'm nick. i'm 15 and ever since i was about 2 years old i've always been obsessed with the design of things.  i ended up deciding (although it may change obviously) on a career path later on in life, either architecture or engineering i was gonna go for.  i chose architecture but i can't really think of why.  i want to at least learn some beginner's tips on architecture. as for math, i am in geometry a which in my state is a year ahead of the normal math classes.  i want to learn some tips on being an architect, in this case, either interior design or building design.  thanks for your help.tl;dr 15 y/o kid looking for tips on becoming a beginner architect++$++15
hello /r/learnprogramming i basically have a simple intake form in ms excel that has alot of information, its a intake of peoples name, adress, finances, mortgages, investments,etc. it links them all and does mathematical equations. it also displays information based on the intake, its a pretty simple program.i want to put this program on a piece of software that will both; look nicer than excel, and look for professional. i was told to look into visual basic express 2010, and i was just wondering what you though would be the best way. i am going off youtube tutorials.any and all help or recommendations would be helpful :d thanks++$++23
hello /r/learnprogramming i basically have a simple intake form in ms excel that has alot of information, its a intake of peoples name, adress, finances, mortgages, investments,etc. it links them all and does mathematical equations. it also displays information based on the intake, its a pretty simple program.i want to put this program on a piece of software that will both; look nicer than excel, and look for professional. i was told to look into visual basic express 2010, and i was just wondering what you though would be the best way. i am going off youtube tutorials.any and all help or recommendations would be helpful :d thanks++$++23
i'm 22 years old and i've worked as a pastry chef for close to two years. i interned at this place for school and when my internship ended they hired me on for a full time pastry chef position. as i was getting ready to leave work on tuesday two of my supervisors told me they found out that i (along with many others) am being laid off on friday. they're close friends, so they were very upset about it, and told me if i wanted to leave now they would understand it and would be more than happy to act as references for my time at the company. i declined, partly from shock and partly because i didn't want to lose out on unemployment benefits, and said i would work the rest of the week.recently i moved in with my boyfriend at his parent's home, we share a room together and i pay monthly rent to his mother. i didn't decide to move in because of finances, i moved in because we saw so little of each other that i was afraid of the relationship failing.when i got home, i told my boyfriend what happened and we sat down together with his mother to tell her what was going on. her first reaction was to tell me to get my things together and move back in with my parents and i'm completely devastated that her biggest concern was the fact that i might miss rent. i paid nearly $2000 on furniture for the move, which may not sound like much but for me it was a huge expense, and now i don't know what to do about the furniture. if i take it with me, my boyfriend will have nothing but a set of shelves and a free-standing closet. but if i leave it here, i'll have spent $2000 for him to have a nicely furnished room.last week i got a used car, my previous car was totaled in an accident that sent me to the hospital and made me miss work. my finances are already tight but i was just making it and starting to get back on my feet. i'll get less than $150 a week on unemployment and i've never written a resume in my life. and i've got to get all of my things back to my parent's house by this weekend. i'm in shock, i'm extremely upset, and i have absolutely no idea what i'm going to do besides cry and eat nutella straight from the jar.tl;dr: basically within a couple of weeks my life has been turned completely upside down and i have absolutely no idea what to do.i'm sorry if i've rambled at all, i'm having trouble thinking straight these last couple of days.++$++22
i've been trying to get rid of this since 1 1/2 years ago. i had a bad habit of bitting my lips so what i did was rip the dead skin off my lips. at that time i didn't have these severely dried lips especially the bottom one. little by little it began to get worst, i immediately stopped bitting and added chap stick or other moisturizers. the appearance of my lips looked like i have been in the desert without water for years. my lips at the time tried to heal themselves however the inside my mouth that's closer to my lips started to peel off too. so the inside of my mouth near the skin tried to repair itself but my saliva prevented it from healing or so i believe. i've been to the hospital with a dermatologist around 5 times already and he prescribed me all sorts of medication. however, they just ended up not working. it just appears that the medications just wet my lips and wet the dead skin off. i try not to wet my lips when i am in the shower because wetting them causes them to peel off.to give you somewhat of an idea just think of your lips but covered with cracked skin on top of your lips and dead skin.edit: i've been trying to work out and lose a lot of pounds. i currently weigh 186 and i'm trying to reach 155-160 to see if working out will cause my body to reset itself and heal my lips. i am 25 years old and i drink a lot of water to keep hydrated. hopefully losing the weight will cause my dry lips to heal themselves from sheer body rejuvenation.++$++25
or have you done it before?++$++17
so i'm a casual bronze noob. i usually play with my friend for fun. the other day i watched a day9 daily for the first time and i was surprised by how much there is to look for and pay attention to. like how you know which base your opponent is about to attack or what they're planning on doing. so here is my question for you: what do you look for when you're playing a game?++$++17
i was 12 and had just started using an email account. i was going through my messages until i saw one that really popped out at me. it was spam mail but it was an advertisement for a porn site. i clicked on it and was just blown away by how awesome it was. it was the first time i had ever seen porn on the internet. i had known about sex and masturbating before but at the same time i was sort of oblivious to what it *really* was. so i was watching a video and had started to bate. it felt amazing. i was almost there when all the sudden *bam*! the door flung wide open. my dad had forgotten something at home and he ran right in. i panicked and tried to close the tab. a popup for butt plugs came up right away. it was like a car dealer ad. it said it big letters*butt plugs*butt plugs**butt plugs**i tried to close it but the computer froze up. by then it was too late anyway. my dad walked right in the room. it pretty much went like this."hey, rmm45177, i just ran home to pick up my-- what the hell?!?!"i freaked out, jumped out of the chair, pulled my pants up, and sprinted up the stairs into my room, all in one motion. i locked my door and stayed in there all weekend. i was mortified. when my mom found out, she couldn't stop laughing and made fun of me. i didn't want to face my parents so to make sure they didn't get it my room, i actually pushed my bed from the opposite side of my room in front of my door. they got in finally when my dad unscrewed the hinges and took the door down.that was 5 years ago and they still make a joke about it every once in a while..so what about you? tell me about the most embarrassing time you were walked in one?++$++17
i asked a previous employer to fill out a reference form for a job i'm applying for a month ago and they never did it. how do i politely remind them to do it without sounding like an asshole?++$++20
according to the article below, in 1962 22 percent of americans said they'd had a religious/mystical experience. by 2006, 47 percent made the same assertion. [religious and mystical experiences common among americans](http://www.ibcsr.org/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=136:religious-and-mystical-experiences-common-among-americans&amp;catid=25:research-news&amp;itemid=59)have you had a personal, direct, religious experience? tell us about it here.++$++50
i tried turning off their internet and sending out the police but they just won't leave me alone!++$++17
the_ama_troll - http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/ggo6z/iama_biggest_iama_troll_ever_ama/**after a couple of pms explaining some stuff to me i realize this was the not the best thing to post at the top of my story. sorry to anyone i offended with this statement, and an even bigger sorry to some one who lost some one close.**my story is basically this -- i am 47 years old, i work as an it consultant (shocker i know). about 4 months after katrina hit i got really obsessed with what happened to all the people who lost their homes. i tried to help as many people as i could with out giving away money or showing my wealth. i did not actually visit la but there were centers for people who were placed from la, and i volunteered at least once a week.i spent a lot of time with a lot of homeless people and learned how hard the streets really where. i then decided that i had to go new orleans myself and see the destruction to truly understand it all. me and my wife took went to new orleans about a year after katrina and just drove around the streets scared shitless of the people around us. we saw so many houses with the x and the numbers, it really struck me hard as i had so much but felt like shit because other people dealt with such terrible things.i decided that day to work as much as possible with no days off so i could take 3 months off of work and live life as a homeless person. at first my wife and co-workers thought i was nuts and maybe in a mid life crisis. this simply was not true, i felt like the greatest learning experience i could have would be to truly know whats its like to have nothing.so after almost 5 years of saving up time i finally could go for it. it was so hard to decide on a day but i finally found my balls and did it. my wife (works out of our house) and rented a hotel in nola for the 3 months so i could visit her. throughout my time in nola i spent most of my time in the french quarter just talking with the homeless and the street vendors. i never ate with my wife or used her amenities as that would be cheating imo. at one point i did have to go to the hospital because i got very sick after a couple of really cold nights. i had to undergo a psychological evaluation because of what i had been doing. after they realized i was not completely crazy i was back out to finish my mission.throughout my 90 days as a homeless person i encountered some of the most interesting people i have ever met. i learned what its like to stand in a line for a shelter. i learned what its like to hustle for food. i learned what it was like to feel the breeze of the mississippi on my face while sleeping on a bench. i learned what it was like to give compassion and share stories with people who i would generally avoid in any other point in my life.i know my thoughts are all over the place but honestly its so hard to summarize such a journey. ama and i will respond.edit #1 - just to put this out there, i am no way saying i truly knows what its like to be homeless, this would be completely bull shit on my part if i claimed that. also i have a lot of respect for anyone who is or has been homeless as its nothing like its portrayed in any kind of media. if you are a person who is really struggling send me a pm i would love to try and help.edit #2 - many people have asked why i did not just throw money to organizations and foundations, the reason is because this is not satisfying any problem imo. i volunteered for over 4 years before i did this and i really felt that on most days i made it a good day for another human, that was my main goal. ***as pointed out by some one in this thread i would like to note here that i have donated an xxx,xxx amount in my life time, i am not dismissing donations i just do not get the same feeling writing a check as i do actually getting my hands dirty.*while staying in nola i would often times seek out those who were around 17-18 and homeless. i wanted to hear their views of their country and how they felt they had been treated. i now pay for 7 kids to go to college (most had to finish a ged before this was even possible). they also all maintain a gpa higher than 3.0, 3 of them have tutors.edit #3 - this iama didn't really go the way i had planned, but that is okay. i just want to point out a couple of things. yes my writing sucks, my grammar sucks, my spelling sucks. i did not learn to read until i was 6 years old. i could barely pass my english classes growing up and it has always been my downfall. if you put me in a room with some one who needs something i can talk circles around them and have a deal signed that day though. also to all the haters, i take no offense by anything you say. i understand different people view things different ways, this is the way i chose to live my life, hopefully you live the same way.***please read what is below here as this is the most recent thing i am posting and i feel it will answer at least a 100 questions/comments all at once.***my history - yes i am a terrible writer, yes i suck at framing sentences, yes i do not know grammar very well. i grew up dirt poor as i have stated before. it took me a long time to even learn to read, and i was often teased in school because of it. i have been through depression, i have worked shitty jobs day after day.no i can not have kids, yes it is a problem with me, yes this hurts worse than about anything in the world.no i do not think this was a fun game, no i don't think this topic is a joke.i started off working at a coal mine when i was 12 years old with my father, i did this until i graduated high school. then with the money i saved up i rented an apartment, and worked 40-60 hours a week at two different jobs while taking 12 credit hours of college. it took me 7 years to graduate from college, and not a very good college either. then i applied for a mass amount of jobs and got no where, my cover letters almost always screwed me because i grew up thinking fuck was acceptable language, and not knowing how to read well. i once was in a interview with a tech company, after the interview i got the usual "we will call you and let you know in a week or so". at this point i had enough, i talked to the recruiter and i asked who the lead was on their sales team. i got his phone number and called from inside the building. i met with him 6 hours later in his office. i then explained why he should take a chance on me, even giving him a mock demo of their products. he got me a job, and in three months i was the highest earning ae (account executive), i cold called companies some times for 16 hours a day and worked my ass off.once i reached my 1 year review, i was promoted and had a team of 5 amazing people underneath me. i now had to take a pay cut (no more commission) and had to make sure that these 5 people hit their numbers. i then did this for 8 more years and eventually was moved up again. in my mind i had finally made it, i hit a salary i could not believe, i bought my dad an old stingray he always wanted and my mom a brand new dining table she had longed for. i got a house and married the woman who had been beside me all along. life was as high as it could be.people have suggested that i sell a service, which is true, i sell a service of our implementation team to install what i offer. but for you to think that i do not still have a hard and stressful job is ludicrous. so tell me this... i am guy who came from nothing, i am a guy who made fun of for poor reading skills and for having tourrette's syndrome my whole life, and i am guy who fucking made it. if you want to talk down to me about how money always goes to money you can literally fuck off, i have never inherited anything but a mental disorder. i did this because i care for people, i don't do this for attention, i don't do this because i have guilt for having a lot of money. i have by myself changed people's complete lives around and donated money to great charities as well as owning my own ts scholarship program.go ahead and judge me, i do not care one bit. but you know what? if i ever saw you on the street, and you looked in need, i would stop, ask what is wrong, and help in anyway i can. i have had numerous pms from people just asking for money and this and that, and to me that is pathetic. i never asked for shit, all i have ever done is give and sell, that is my fucking life, nothing more, and i am proud of it. also to the one redditor who actually needed help and had never been properly diagnosed with ptsd i am not in anyway talking about you.to everyone showing support, thank you so much, you are truly amazing as well :)++$++47
my mom told me last night that she doesn't eat peanut butter anymore because about 30 minutes after eating it she gets terrible stomach pains. she can eat peanuts with no problem, but any time she eats peanut butter she's doubled over in pain afterwards. i've asked her to keep track of any other food that give her stomach pains and i've been googling the crap out of it all morning but i can't find anything that sounds the same. anyone familiar with this?++$++22
finance - mubarak; home sec - mubarak; foreign sec - hosni mubarak; deputy pm - nick clegg++$++36
i am 28 years old. male. with occasional beard. never got into cancer-sticks. if i m going down i go down aromatically, and with style. up-puff me if there is a distinct woody smoke in your room.++$++28
alright, so after a very frustrating day of being completely unable to properly do squats in the gym, i found out it's because my achilles' tendons are too short/too tight and i can't get down that far while keeping my feet flat. what are some stretches i can do to improve this flexibility? it is a big inhibitor to me getting in better shape. thanks for any advice you can give.++$++20
lately my sleep schedule has been all messed up. i'm going to sleep at 3 in the morning and not waking up til 11 or noon. i start school soon that will be at 8am mon-fri.i have work at 6am tomorrow and its 1245am and i can't sleep.i'm thinking about just staying up all night through work then going to bed early tomorrow night. i just wanted opinions about this i suppose lol.++$++20
hey all, my first time here and just got done reading the faq, but i still have a burning question.i've been on the medifast diet for the past four weeks and have lost about 22 lbs.  i haven't counted the carbs, but the literature states that it's designed to put my body into a "slight" state of keto.a couple of weeks prior to the diet, i joined a gym with a friend.  i lift for 20 minutes and run on the treadmill for 40 minutes three days/week.  at first i was pushing about 80% of my max heart rate because that's what it took to make me feel like i was working hard.  after doing a bit of reading, i became concerned about pushing myself that much while in keto.  my understanding is that without sufficient carbs, my body first looks to my fat, but it isn't able to metabolize fat quick enough to supply me that much energy, so it begins to catabolize my lean mass.  does anyone have a better understanding of this? i've since then dropped my target to 65-70% of max, but it's only been a week so i'm unsure of the results.++$++33
i don't have any motivation to do anything right now.  i quit my job about a month ago with no real reason other than the fact that i absolutely hated working there.  i'm not going to school, only because of the lack of motivation to do so.  i have no real strive to be anything.  all i really do is sleep, eat, go on the computer, and go out maybe once a week to hang out with my friends.  i always feel tired and i hate it.  my sleep schedule is kind of fucked, i can't sleep til about 3am and can't wake up til around 1. i'm 19 years old, but i feel like my life is going down the drain. i don't have any motivation to start doing anything.  sometimes i get really anxious to do something, but i don't know what i want to do.  i'm kind of just bored with my life.  no, i don't feel suicidal at all.  i just feel like i don't want to do anything...i just feel...lazy and tired. is there anything that i can do to get me motivated about life?  tl;dr i'm feeling depressed and very unmotivated lately.  does anyone know what i can do to get me motivated throughout the day?++$++19
i'm 25 years old, with 2 years of college under my belt, but the university i was going to didn't really teach me what i wanted to learn.     .my major was computer science, but i had to take a bunch of gen ed courses, and programming languages i could care less about. not that they suck, it's just not really what i wanted to be doing. i'm a designer i guess. the ui is what's important to me, though i still love to program it after i design it. i know the basics: html, javascript, java. but i crave so much more!    .i have a list of things i want to learn, and i need to know where to look to find a school that offers all of them.    .--------------------------.    php    photoshop    xml    c++    mysql    .--------------------------.maybe unix/linux (cant hurt)maybe flash, html5?    .(not to limit it just to those! networking has always interested me.)    .the actual degree is not that important to me (it would be nice). i want the knowledge, so where can i go that will allow me to take those classes, and only the classes i want? and still maybe get a degree...? is that what a tech school is?     .(i'm moving to the colorado or seattle region in a couple years, if at all possible)    .    .    .tl;dr: i need to find a college that will let me take classes specific to my needs/desires.++$++25
http://i.imgur.com/bassp.jpg i'm talking about the wire in the foreground. normally there's supposed to be a blue, red, and ground wire for left right and ground respectively, but there's a twisted one. how would i go about connecting this?++$++15
it happens on like every comment and i need to try posting it like 4 times before it goes through.++$++17
.++$++17
i have old high school friends that i am still in contact with via facebook. they often invite me out places because we have not hung out in years. i have went to a couple parties but generally i always give an excuse on why i can't do. sure, i am very vague with my excuses but it is not like i let them know last minute. also what confuses me is generally i am not the only person in this outing so if i don't show up i know that they have others to hang with. will my presence make that much difference? now i realize that they completely ignore any posts i right on their walls on fb or don't answer my texts. i see them having fun with their lives as friends and i want in on it now.here is why i never hung out. i'll try to keep it short. up until two weeks ago i lived with my very abusive parents. throughout my entire life i have been physically abused. most of the time i wouldn't let myself go out because a couple times i was getting ready to go out and my dad would blow up about something random and would start hitting me or lock me in my room. then i'd have to text them i could not make it when i should have been driving over. i hid from all my friends that i was abused. when i would go to high school i was like a different person, happy and funny. when i got home i would go straight to my room and stay there until the next morning. one of my ex best friends knew this but yet she still takes it out on me. she never asks me if everything is ok or if there is a underline reason i can't come. i am not asking for attention because i am abused but i guess it woud be nice if she showed some sympathy and not take it so personal. i have felt like i was in this dungeon my whole life and now i am free there is like this huge weight lifted. the first week i was in shock and never imagined life could be this nice and now i am settled i want to add more friends to my life. i would really like to reconnect with my old friends but i feel like they probably are so jaded that i would have to kiss a lot of ass to get into their graces again. also, i feel like i shouldn't have to explain about my abused past (nor do i really want to) for them to understand. do i have a shot at these old friends or should i concentrate on trying to find new ones?++$++24
hi reddit,how do i begin to explain the shit in my mind right now. i'll give it a shot and maybe someone can help.i'm 20 years old, and have a well paid job. making more money than most people my age. 28 days ago i quit weed. since then i started to get paranoid about things -- not other people as such -- but myself! iv'e been having panic attacks all the time and what i imagine is depression. feelings of going crazy. fearing that the time i spent (2-3 times a week smoking weed everyday) will send me completely insane or something.the truth is i want to feel loved again. i want to feel wanted. i feel like i'm in a world in which nobody wants me. nobody cares. i used to love life. infact, i have previously thought  (when i was a bit younger) that depression was all in the mind and you could just 'think' yourself better. i'm not too great with women (never had sex) and don't really have much experience with women either. last night i couldn't get myself to sleep. i ended up in a police car a few days ago because i got too drunk and completely lost it. now i'm feeling terrible and really not sure what to do with my life. on the one hand i have a great job. on the other hand i feel like i have no future.perhaps the scariest thing is 'wanting' to end it all by any means necessary. escaping even if it meant killing myself. i wouldn't harm anyone else -- and i probably wouldn't kill myself. but sometimes i'll walk across a bridge and feel like i need to stop myself from jumping or something. almost like a fear of not being able to stop myself from jumping!iv'e spent 4 (almost 5) years using alcohol and marijuana to keep myself away if it were. now iv'e stopped it but i feel like i'm sinking into a deep dark world in which i'll end up taken to a mental home or something! that kinda scares me even more!people will tell me to go and visit a doctor, and then they'll tell me to take some anti-depressants or something. but i hear so many bad stories about taking these drugs that it also scares me in a way. yesterday i was shaking uncontrollably. i keep on getting extremely dizzy and i'm quite jumpy. if i'm not like this then i'm kinda depressed or null. it just feels like a never ending tunnel. feeling like i'm going to pass out / have a heart attack etc..i just want to be normal again. i want to be loved, i want to feel happy. i hope that one day i will. i'd like to say i 100% believed that i'll feel like this one day although i'm really not sure.the panic and depression is just too much too bare. having now experienced it i would not wish it upon my worst enemies. i'm not sure what i'm going to do after writing this. maybe i need to move away from my hometown -- but parts of me want to go back to the past to relive my good memories. maybe i need to do something even greater than that and quit my job (which i love) and run away into the mountains to meditate for a few years or something. honestly i have no idea.regardless i am going to keep soldering on for now. i wish you all the best of luck.++$++20
why can they only dodge that fast instead of being able to move that fast all the time?++$++17
so i know gnocchi is primarily eaten with a cream sauce*, and butter chicken is quite creamy (the way my family makes it anyway). so, will it work? does it sound appetizing?*the five times i've eaten gnocchi they've been served with a cream sauce, so i figured that was the norm...?++$++20
i'm together with this girl for about a year now and we have a very solid relationship. i'm 21 years old, she's 19. we were both sexually very inexperienced when we got together. in fact, she told me she never has had an orgasm. as of this moment, this is still the case.i love to please her. really. during foreplay i try to take things slow, touch all parts of her body, even go down on her sometimes. she tells me she enjoys all those things i do.but after a while (let's say 5 minutes), she asks me to stop and to fuck her. i think that if we took more time during foreplay, she might have an orgasm (think we've been very close sometimes), but she says she can't hold it any longer. are there any things i could do so that she doesn't gets to that point where she wants me in her?also: she almost never masturbates. i told her she might show me what she enjoys most if she'd explore herself first. but when on her own, she's simply not into doing that. should i try harder to convince her, or should i rest my case?tl;dr: gf hasn't had an orgasm, yet she wants to take it further after only a short time of foreplay and doesn't seem to be interested in masturbation.++$++21
the bartender looks up and says, "what is this some kind of joke?"++$++93
i'm 23 years old and just moved into a new house with my girlfriend of 3 years. i'm really trying to explore why i have such a low sex drive, as it's putting a very high strain on our relationship, possibly even threating its existence. it sort of hit a climax last night when she very gently told me that us remaining together is being threated by that fact that she want's it every single night, but we only have sex 1-3 times a week. it wasn't a threat, or blackmail, but more a very hard realization for her (i hope). she has a very,very,very high sex drive, and always gets upset whenever i'm not in the mood. she's a very sexy, admirable, beautiful woman that i am physically attracted to. when we do have sex, it's crazy hot and very satisfying. this seems to be the only bad part about our relationship (that i can identify). here are some of my observations:* sometimes i would rather just sleep alone, because i know if i don't have sex with her she will just get upset. there's very high anxiety around bed time for me because of this. * even when i am having sex, i'm mostly doing it for her. there have been very few times where i'm initially motivated by my own sex drive lately. in the beginning, before we moved in together and didn't haven't the opportunity to do it as much, i did initiate the sex slightly more. although certainly not once ever single day* i hate to admit it, but sometimes i would rather just masturbate (although i'm always able to resist the urge). i don't know why.* she says she's "happy" with me, but i think what she means is "otherwise happy", because i can always tell she's a little depressed over the whole sex thing. even when we're having dinner, watching tv, driving in the car, etc, i can always tell she's anticipating sex (which she has confessed to).* there have been some nights were i've tried to get things going with a romantic evening, but by time we make it to the bedroom, i'm abnormally exhausted. however, i don't seem to be more enthused about having sex during the day when i'm not tired.* she's never been able to organism, with me or anybody else or a vibrator. she often gets upset with me if i don't "continue" to do oral or use my hands on her after i've finished.* i'm more aroused whenever i know she can't have sex, such as when she's on her period. i'm not sure if this has to do with pressure or not* i don't remember ever being this anxious about sex with my other girlfriends* prior to having her as a girlfriend, i went through a very religious period were i felt extremely guilty for any sexual urges i had. i was single the whole time, but i would often cry and be very upset with myself if i gave in and masturbated. it took these "evil" urges very serious, and i was pretty obsessed with trying to eliminate them until i got married. i had elders pray for me, confessed often, fasted, tried praying myself to sleep, reading the bible until i feel asleep, etc. for about two years i went though this, and the longest i was able to hold out on masturbating the whole time was usually just a day. sometimes 2. it consumed a lot of my thought and time, much as i would imagine an addict would. i'm no longer religious, and sorta angry religion made me feel bad about my sexual urgesi'm not sure what the problem is. i "want to want to" have sex more often, and i'm not sure what is wrong with me. hopefully i've disclosed the most important points and the problem isn't completely unrelated.**tldr;** very unenthusiastic about having sex with girlfriend who has an insanely high sex driveedit: spelling++$++23
this is a **[wip]**        [work in progress - last edit 2011-01-30 0708pm est]a proposition [to r/team_awesome] to implement a system of custom awards and medals.    there are numerous members that deserve recognition for their participation around all things team_awesome.    *****as the first example think about when someone contribute a great tutorial or share some awesome insights on the game.. why not award the contributor with...(drum rolls) the **medal of cognitive intelligence**.**then** let's continue in the same vein as there could also be more honorific medals.. more examples: [](/jimedal "medal of creativity") is the medal of creativity (this one's mine, ok?), a medal of digital recordings and a medal of golden commentary (for royalt). medal of the og for the founding fathers and pioneers of r/team_awesome. maybe go a little further and award some medal of the philantropist. thus, let me introduce you the recognition &amp; honoris causa medals serie (these medals are somehow unique (there can be exceptions), are yours forever and only an act of great treason or pure herpidity could have them revoked/removed from you).**and then** think about this soldier *x* that is well known as a frakin' pimpin' whore (in a positive sense) w/ the uav! let's award the bloodey chap w/ the medal of uav dominus &amp; masterium as acknowledgement of his talents and domination. also for the soldier w/ the best w/l ratio, with the most objective points etc... therefor introducing the dominus &amp; masterium medals serie. (the d&amp;m medals are not unique, two or more member can receive it - we could also introduce grades/lvl i, ii &amp; iii).**and then**, there could be the another kind of medals for leader of knives and leader of nades, etc.. that could be awarded to the ta member that has the most kills w/ respectively knife and nades... so certain medals could pass to someone else as time goes.. and then, there could be a big ass custom made leader of leaders medal that could be awarded to an active ta member that has the most points overall... you get the idea, this is the pacesetter &amp; chieftainery medals serie. (maybe we would have to just use a weapon/gadget icon or award ribbon instead of an actual medal design because this category would have the most medals/awards i guess)**and finally** the thing is, medals should be *hard* to obtain. but there should be lots of them. but that doesn't mean there is to be a medal for *everything*. there must be a consensus first on what is eligible and what can be overlooked. a committee of ogs could be awarding/nominating the medals (based on general actions/posts), upvotes would certainly be taken in consideration.**no** there will never be a ~~*medal of honor*~~. (only **honoris causa** medals).     thoughts? am i pushing this too far?*******tl;dr**    custom ta award system.    * recognition &amp; honoris causa [r&amp;hc]    * dominus &amp; masterium [d&amp;m]    * pacesetter &amp; chieftainery [p&amp;c]++$++32
hi, i'm 23 years old and i live in texas.  i'm an atheist and for a long time i've tried to find an atheist girl who shares the same interests that i do.  it's a bit hard being in texas and trying to find a secular girl.  i never really gave a good effort to make anything serious with christian girls i have dated.  maybe i prejudged but when they are so enthusiastic about god and jesus it's kind of overwhelming.  i feel like if i uttered the word atheist i would be immediately scolded and the relationship would end. my last encounter was about two years ago when i was dating a girl who was christian and i told her i didn't believe in god and when we got into talking about it she told me she couldn't go down 'that path' anymore and we couldn't talk anymore.. maybe i've just had a few bad experiences but it's very difficult to say the least. my uncle is atheist and his wife is christian, married for 30 years, so i know it can work i just don't know how to distinguish.  so ultimately i was wondering of just opinions of what a christian has towards an atheist when it comes to regarding our faith, or lack there of.  can there be a mutual respect or are there just levels of christians who take it to heart or are casual.  *i don't intend nor do i ever intend on being saved or believing any god.*++$++23
i hear this buzz-phrase on news outlets often (*coughfoxcough*), and it drives me nuts. bush is praised for promoting it, obama is criticized for not espousing it enough.  personally, i find it kind of disgusting to think we are any special compared to the rest of the citizens in the world. we may have done some good things, but after wwii, we slowed down and the "american dream" is no longer something that is only attainable in america. yet people seem to be so patriotic, its kind of sad. didn't jesus promote humility? i'm not religious, i'm just pointing out something i can't help noticing-- there seems to be a substantial correlation between those who are ultra patriotic, and those who call themselves christians.  now, i feel like we are in a steady decline because of this refusal to accept the rest of the world as equals, and its now really making itself apparent. i feel like our arrogance is going to do us in-- while the rest of the world advances in education (specifically the sciences), we will fall far behind.  ... and i have only touched on a few problems this "exceptionalism" attitude has created.relevant: /r/iwantout++$++30
fo ipsum dolizzle sizzle amizzle, consectetuer adipiscing phat. nullam sapien velizzle, aliquet volutpizzle, suscipizzle fizzle, uhuh ... yih! shizznit, arcu. pellentesque funky fresh fo shizzle mah nizzle fo rizzle, mah home g-dizzle. pizzle fo shizzle my nizzle. sizzle izzle dolizzle dapibizzle turpis tempizzle we gonna chung. maurizzle pellentesque nibh izzle turpizzle. bling bling izzle tortor. pellentesque eleifend rhoncizzle things. in hac shizzle my nizzle crocodizzle platea dictumst. doggy dapibizzle. crackalackin yippiyo stuff, pretizzle eu, mattizzle ac, eleifend vitae, nunc. things suscipit. integizzle semper velit sizzle purus.++$++32
there was an old man sitting on a park bench crying.a young jogger passing by stops to see what's the matter.* **old man**: i'm 93 years old and i just got married to a beautiful 22 year old girl.  she has long brown hair, a gorgeous smile and an amazing body.* **jogger**: is she using you for your money?* **old man**:  no she loves me.  every night after cooking me a delicious dinner she puts on her lingerie, does a slow sexy strip-tease for me and makes love to me all night long. * **jogger**: are you crying because you can't perform?* **old man**:  no the doc gave me viagra and my new wife couldn't be happier.* **jogger**:  then why are you crying what's the problem?!?!* **old man**:  i forgot where i live!++$++93
made by ents for ents.http://www.playlist.com/playlist/21440750859toggle shuffle, play, amazed.++$++16
long story short... my life has been a financial/emotional nightmare for a while now. one huge crisis after another and so-called friends and family are... not very good at their roles when someone needs their help, let's just leave it at that. pretty much the only person i had helping me with rides, emotional support, etc. was my boyfriend/best friend (friends since i was around 12 years old). i just found out via yahoo messenger from his (deaf) mother that he died **last friday**. his funeral was yesterday, so i don't even get to go say goodbye. i'm still in shock, and lost... don't know what to think, feel, or do with myself right now. i apologize for such an unhappy post... i just needed to talk/vent/get it off my chest i guess.tl;dr- what now? =(**edit:** here are the online obituaries that i have found so far:http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/southbendtribune/obituary.aspx?n=michael-p-beach&amp;pid=148075945http://goshennews.com/obituaries/x233969267/michael-p-beachhttp://www.whopassedon.com/obituaryfeeds/obituary/?michael_beach&amp;fi=498041&amp;f=172http://www.thenewssunonline.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=15530:michael-beach&amp;catid=52:obits&amp;itemid=236http://www.heraldrepublicanonline.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=13356:michael-beach&amp;catid=52:obits&amp;itemid=153http://carneyfrostfuneralhome.com/id192.html**edit 2:** http://imgur.com/s5lbk  a pic of us fishing almost 3 years ago when i was pregnant with my twins... unfortunately he hated having his picture taken so i don't have many =(**edit 3:** for all the idiots and trolls who are too stupid to understand that people can be friends, and hang out, and that doesn't mean they are dating... we were not dating when i was pregnant with my twins, just best friends. we started officially dating in august of 2010.++$++95
i am 27 years old and recently out of a 10 year old (my only) relationship. i went on a first date for the first time with this girl last week. we are going out again tomorrow. i am taking her to a sushi restaurant in the city which also has a bar. now, i have made reservations for 8. when i get there and are waiting for the table, i figured we will have a drink at the bar, what should i do after the dinner? should i ask her if she wants another drink at the bar or should i just drop her home?++$++27
it's just a theory i have. i'm pretty sure my life will be the same way. i suspect nobody will even notice this post and i'm just wasting my time typing this out. i'm just starting to realize that life is just so worthless and insignificant. nothing we do matters. were all going to die and nobody will notice or care.++$++17
i've gone from being a fairly popular high school student to a university student without a friend in the world. everyone i knew in high school went to study abroad and i've lost contact with them all. i'm 20 years old, i don't work because of my school schedule so i have no money. i'm not a good speaker by any means... basically unless the other person does 90% of the talking there is no conversation. i really don't know what to do. i have pretty bad anxiety and the thought of talking to a stranger and trying to create a good enough impression that we become friends is horrifying for me, but the loneliness is starting to make me really depressed. any advice would be amazing. otherwise, it still felt good to let this out somewhere.++$++20
i'm 17 and i don't know of anyone else my age that has been thinking this way..you go through childhood and it feels like you have all the time in the world and it will be so long until you're old so it goes so slow. then before you know it, you're about to finish high school and you realize you're not a kid anymore and you need to be an adult. so now you can't act like a kid anymore which pretty much means people won't give you a break or let you off easy if you accidentally fuck up with the law and people will expect you to be smarter so they'll think you're an idiot if you don't know how to do something or if you ask a question. then you go to college and party for a bit and by the time you're done, you're in your mid twenties and at the age where your looks start to decline (so legally, you'll only look attractive for ~7 years). now usually people get married and have kids and now you're in you're 30's and you need to be a grownup and work for your family. you work until you're about 60 then you retire. then you die..i missed out on my entire childhood due to depression and some other factors. so now i'm about to be an adult legally (which i guess means i was supposed to start acting like one a couple years ago). what do i still have to look forward to? it sounds like the quality of life goes down as you get older.++$++17
i know i've told the story of my life several times on here before because i've posted in here way too much. so to keep it short, i've been depressed since 7 and i've been having suicidal thoughts since the start of 4th grade. i'm currently 17.all those years, i was thinking about killing myself every day. i didn't plan on being around this long. i feel like i've lost so much time and opportunities to depression. i had all those suicidal thoughts and yet i'm still here. so does that mean, i was just lying to myself to help deal with my problems?i feel like i made a commitment to myself that i need to keep. like if i don't go through with it, what good am i? i just keep getting an empty feeling like i have unfinished work or something.++$++17
after my event a couple months ago, i started to feel very apathetic to my life and i started thinking a lot more about anything and everything. more and more, i'm starting to realize that all the ideas i grew up with were wrong. everything that made me who i am was wrong. i started to write out all of these ideas in a notebook and i'm already at 10 pages full of them. this is starting to make me feel like i'm going insane. what should i do?++$++17
i know its a stupid question, but its been bothering me for way to long and its messing up my life.++$++17
let me rephrase that question, since i can't edit the title:**a scammer is trying to ruin your reputation online. what would you do?**i lost over $4k, i'm not alone, he scammed several people. i looked for help online and together with the other victims started threads on forums and got help from people who deal with online fraud. consequently if you search for his name on google you will find several sites where he is accused of scamming people. since i was the first victim, he blames me on starting all of this. this was last year. after trying to get my money back i gave up and moved on. today i get an email from him with a link to a page with my name on it and a bunch of lies. basically he wants me to remove all of the things online about him (contact forum admins and say i was lying), or he will "destroy my name".i have stressed too much with this, it took me over 6 months to save those $4k. i really don't feel like starting this thing all over again. what should i do?**tl;dr:** scammer steals money. victims complain online. result -&gt;google scammer name = several pages with victims testimonials accusing him. scammer is now trying to make victims remove complaints online by creating pages with victims names and blackmailing them.++$++26
how do you balance new girls with living-at-home family?i'm 25 years old and live at home with my parents (moved back home after college...dumb!).  i recently broke up with my last girlfriend because she was not a us citizen, and i was not ready to marry her.how do i go about dating again?  i'm used to meeting girls through parties and bars and friends-of-friends, things would just happen so naturally.  but i just feel like everything has slowed down recently.  post-college life is so different and everything just seems so much more serious.  it's difficult just to find girls who want to have fun.  furthermore, facebook just makes the world so small, and even though i try my best to stay away from it, it makes it seem like every girl is someone's ex or someone's daughter or something.  by dating/sexing them, i feel like i need to get serious. also, since i live at home, it's difficult to meet girls right now without them meeting my family, and that feels even more awkard and serious.  any advice, redddit?++$++25
i'm 22 years old. i was always a good student. did all my homework. got good grades. got into a good school. i'm studying mechanical engineering. and now i'm supposed to go find an engineering job. but i don't want to do that. well, not yet anyway. what i really want to do is go spend a winter in colorado or utah and snowboard all season. i've always joked about doing that, but lately i've been thinking "why not?" this is probably the last time in my life i'll have that opportunity. nobody is depending on me. i have no commitment to school or a job. so am i crazy? or maybe just stupid? will that "year off" come back to bite me when i start applying for jobs again?++$++22
.++$++17
i'm going to meet with my school counselor today to talk about it. i still can't believe that i won't be able to go. is it possible to have the same quality of life as someone who went to college?++$++17
a lot of you read my previous post about losing my so. there were a few people who were skeptical, but this is very very real and painful for me and i have no one here to even talk to so i need this, and i am sorry reddit but you are *it* in a sense... all i have to reach out to. sometimes you don't have to fully understand a situation to know that it exists and be understanding even if you don't *quite* understand. that being said, skepticism, criticism, downright badmouthing. etc. is not welcomed here. it's not productive or helpful and by far the last thing i need. please keep any negative thoughts or comments to yourself this time, should they arise.(please forgive the rambling, disjointed, train of thought, whatever is about to come next, i have adhd and this would be hard enough without it) i promise you don't have to read any or all of this if you don't want to... this is for me. i need to get some of this out even if it makes no sense whatsoever to anyone else....i've been feeling mostly numb since friday night (saturday? it's all a blur =/) when i heard the news, and i decided to go on a massive cleaning spree and try to get things unpacked/organized/and completely clean to keep myself busy and keep my mind off of things... but of course all i managed to think about the whole time was the fact that someone i loved dearly and deeply was gone from my life forever and i didn't get to say goodbye.in the process of unpacking things, i found a card that he had given me for sweetest day, and reading that card burst the dam somehow... i stood there and hugged the card and cried like an idiot for longer than i care to admit. i'm honestly really relieved to not feel the terrible numbness anymore, but now the emotion that it was protecting me from is here and it's overwhelming. sorrow, despair... there aren't words to cover something like this, really. i just want to hug him, bury my face in his clothes, smell him (he always smelled so good). i just want to say i love you one more time to make sure he knows...we were only officially dating for around 6 months, but he's been my best friend for 14 years... more than half my life and all of my life as an adult... even when we were apart for long periods of time and lost contact with each other, when we met up again it was like no time had passed and we could pick up exactly where we left off and never lose anything between us in the process. it was a connection that i feel very blessed to be able to have with another human being, and i am not sure everyone gets to experience something so deep in their lifetimes, but as far as i know i've only ever been myself, so i can't really speak for anyone else."t t go h-lainn, mo anam cara" was our special "i love you" in gaelic... (you're beautiful, my soulmate.) mo anam cara... just waking up without him here when he was alive felt like a vital part of me was gone... like i woke up to discover my arms had vanished in the night. he hated having his picture taken, and the few that i have of him are not "couple" photos because i was the one with the camera... god i feel like such an asshole for not insisting on taking more pictures... what's really fucked up is that last fall i got this terrible feeling like something bad was going to happen and rip us away from each other before our time... a few hours after that he got in a nearly nasty fender-bender with a concrete divider on the way to my house and scared us both half to death. i wish my little premonition would have given me more info... i wish so many things even though i know they don't do me a bit of good.i would *really* like to have a few of the things i gave him back... and a dirty t-shirt of his to sleep with at night for a while until the wounds start to heal. i wish i was closer with his family and our situation had not been kept under wraps as much as it was... it was only like 2 weeks until we were "coming out" in the open about us. i have no car or i would drive up and appeal to his landlord assuming that the apartment hasn't been emptied out yet... even if it has, maybe seeing it empty would help bring closure somehow...a clot in a heart of gold... ironic, really. he was so kind and gentle and sweet... the nicest anyone has ever been to me, and far too young to be ripped away from this world... he was only 30.my thoughts are racing... i can't concentrate and there is so much i feel like i need to say but can't find the words. i'm sorry that this is my only outlet for those of you who feel like i am trolling or have a problem with emotions or *whatever*, i truly am. i wish more than anyone that i had a "real" friend to turn to, to cry with, to hug. i know nothing could fully fill this empty, aching, loneliness inside me right now but anything is better than nothing at this point.thank you to those who have offered condolences and support and a "shoulder" to lean on/cry on. it means a lot that there are people out there who would take time out of their day to comfort a stranger. truly. as i thought i was finishing up my rant, here comes the numb again... at least partially. i really wish it would make up it's damn mind so i can grieve and get through this. i'm sure exhaustion, hunger, stress, and being physically sick are not helping me to cope with anything whatsoever. at least i am being productive around the house, for what that's worth... tl;dr- boyfriend died and i am apparently losing my mind... but i finally managed to have a tangible feeling and cry for a little while.++$++95
i remember a fighting game on ps1. it was 3d meaning the fighting style was not like soulcalibur. you ran around and the camera was far from you. it had a sort of...medieval or classic tone to it but do not make that a big factor because i may be wrong. i really want to find the name of this game because a kid it's all i played with my parents when they weren't divorced. please help me out.++$++15
i'm a senior in college studying mechanical engineering. one of the reasons i'm studying engineering is because i'm passionate about the environment and i want to contribute to the alternative energy field in some way.there's this one company that is based out of my hometown (chicago) and fits the bill perfectly, and they're recruiting at my school. however, it's online only. you submit your resume online, and then they offer interviews to select individuals.this is the second time this year that they've accepted resumes. i applied the first time, and was not invited to an interview. i was not given a reason why. is there anything i can do differently this time to try to improve my chances? there's no one for me to really talk to since it's entirely online (at first, at least).++$++22
i'm 20 years old and i've always thought about doing it... but i've never been comfortable :( well, i'm ready. more than ready for god's sake.i've never been able to orgasm during sex and i know this will help me.plus, i feel like i'll gain a lot more confidence in bed and with myself.i want to buy a vibrator and i've been reading around that the bullet is a good one. suggestions on that, too?any advice would be much appreciated! :)++$++20
in the past, if i ever needed advice on how to deal with a problem, i would usually ask for it from an adult. i figured they have more experience so it would be worth a try.now that i'm practically an adult myself, i've been needing even more advice. one thing i started to pay attention to was that every adult i asked had a different opinion on different topics. sometimes the advice helped, other times, it did more harm than good.so i guess my question is: is it better to ask for advice when growing up or is it better to figure it all out on your own?++$++17
.++$++17
everytime i am logged in and click an image link the picture is huge. often to the point where i can't see what it is unless i close the reddit toolbar. i didn't see anything to change this in the settings. can someone help me out please?++$++20
i am 19 years old and speak fluent english. ign armored titan.++$++19
i'm in a dead bedroom and i'm looking for someone to talk to and maybe more. i'm in a long-distance ltr and it is quite frustrating. i feel that in many ways we have devolved to becoming just friends who talk on the phone and hang out once in a while. i understand that not every relationship is perfect and mine certainly isn't. while everything else is fantastic, our sex life is driving me up a wall and i am looking for someone to talk to about it. i'm sure there are others in my situation and it would be amazing to have a sympathetic ear to listen to me. i'm 27 years old, south east asian, light skinned with black hair and brown eyes. i've been told i'm attractive - i have a few extra pounds that i am looking to lose so a workout buddy would be nice too. :)i live and work in the city and can host, if it comes to that. i generally work 9-6 and i'm free most evenings. prefer meeting someone in manhattan but the outer boroughs are ok too. i'm open to age and race but please be clean and d&amp;d free. i'm relatively inexperienced sexually and i think that's part of the reason why i'm frustrated. i am a very sexual person and i do not have an "outlet" to explore my curiosities. i'm not necessarily looking for a one-time thing and would prefer something ongoing. if this has sparked your curiosity and you would like to chat or maybe grab a drink in the city sometime, let me know!++$++27
i am 18 years old. i have been smoking for little over a year. it all started just in pubs, usually just once a week. for the majority of the year i smoked like this. and i never had any problems  not smoking for extended periods of time. few months ago i started smoking daily. i mostly rolled my own cigarettes and i would go through 40g tobacco in two or three days. i caught a cold last week and since than i limited my smoking to around five a day. and i am quite ok with that. i smoke only when i really feel the need to. it quite surprised me to find out i was able to cut it this much. that made me think i could probably stop entirely. and about this, i have a few questions. firstly, is it better, in my situation, to quit cold turkey or to slowly lower the daily dose even more? what would the difference be? what are your experiences with each method? second, what should i expect to feel? i already experienced nervousness, inability to focus, restlessness, being snappy to people and similar unpleasant feelings. how will i feel as i quit? how will the feelings evolve? when will they stop? and lastly, do you have any tips for me? is there something i haven't even thought of that i should know? thanks for any help :-)++$++18
i am 17 years old. i have 2 antagonistic brothers who actively derive pleasure from any method that they can think of to make my life miserable whether it be just simple annoyance or actively sabotaging things in my life. i have a mother and a step-father who reserve all there love and care for my 2 brothers but hold nothing but disdain for me. i have no friends, have never kissed a girl and never will thanks to my crippling social anxiety disorder. i attend an early college, but posses mediocre grades and am on academic probation due to shit college grades and will most likely be sent to the shitty high school along with the thugs, rednecks and whatever other varieties of trash roam that cesspit. as a result, i have no real hope for any discernible future. i have constant thoughts of suicide, but every time i end up pussying out due to survival instinct. tl;dr: i am a piece of shit and unlikable human being with no friends, an apathetic family and no real future, who, if not now, will end up offing himself in the near future.i have never received an honest answer from anyone over this question: why should i continue living? as a 17 year old typing this into google, the typical answers i'll get are either "u gott ur hole life a hed ov u!!!" ,"tink ov hu ull be hurding!!", or other lines of perfunctorily typed bullshit. these responses more often than not come not out of any sincere care for the person, but for the ego boost they receive from believing that just helped someone, whether as a personal ego boost or as a bragging method to others ("wow, i just helped someone not kill them-self today! i'm a good person!"). after reading the previous sentence you may be wondering: "why is this guy even posting if he doesn't even think the response are genuine?"this is more of an experiment more than anything else. i want to see if anyone can actually give a genuine and honest reason as to why i should to draw breath.++$++17
hey guys, i'm a long time lurker here, but i finally had a question i felt was worth asking. do you guys ever feel ashamed to be feminine or "girly" ? i feel like i am sometimes because anytime something happens that reminds me of my femininity or when i want do something feminine i feel ashamed/embarrassed. for example, sometimes when i try on or wear clothes that are more accentuating to my figure, or if my top is a little more revealing, i feel self-conscious/anxious. or another example, i really like makeup and hair (i'm planning on becoming a cosmetologist) but i hardly wear any make-up because i feel embarrassed when i'm all prettied up. i wanted to buy this red lipstick i saw today, but i was out with my parents and i felt too embarrassed to grab it, so i put it back. so, does anyone else feel like this, or do you think i have some sort of social anxiety, or maybe i'm just being a big baby. in case anyone is wondering, i'm 20 years old, and my family/friends have never said/done anything to make me feel this way. thanks guys!++$++20
i apologise in advance for the long post, but although this to you is just a random post, to me it is a revelation.could-be-relevant info: i'm british and i am 18.we start our story with one of my earliest memories, my family taking me to jodrell bank on a day out when i was maybe...5 or 6. anyway, all i remember is that after that day i forced my family to take me back there and and to the manchester museum of science and industry and many other similar places all the time... by the time i was starting secondary school...this love had been lost.fast forward to when i was 14, i had a great science teacher who turned a kid who had no confience into a kid with a passion for physcics powerful enough that i would answer every question in class ( big deal for me at the time) and spend my spare hours watching endless documentaries on physics and space, my hatred for maths was gone and became a love so long as i applied it in a physics manner, and i became bloody good at them.anyway, he left and we got a new teacher who clearly was just there for the pay, and again my passion simply faded. i got into sixth form doing non-science subjects when i was 16 and a year later left out of a complete disillusionment with education. 2 years later i smoke weed a few times a week and i go to the pub every night, while working at a supermarket and attempting to get into uni via online courses that i hate as i don't feel any passion towards them.so for the last few months i have essentially thought that i should either sort my shit out and do something with my life, or i should just blow my brains out as there is no point in simply being some arsehole marking time. (my dream of being an astronaut completely forgotten).so i come out tonight with my friends and all i am thinking is what the actual hell am i going to do, we sit there talking and (trust me i know this is cheesy) i look up and see orions belt, all the starts, even on a cloudy urban night...and it all comes flooding back. i am 18 years old, on paper i have no background in science and i can only get into uni if i do a foundation year to make sure i have the aptitude for uni....but this doesn't scare me, i know its a series of extreme long shots, but i know what i must do, i sit here now on the precepice of what could be the biggest leap of faith of my life and think...reddit has some resourceful people, why not post there. so i ask for advice, help, guidance.. anything. i understand that i will barely make it into uni, and then i need to get top grades in order to become a raf pilot, which i need to be the best at in order to even apply to be a test pilot, which i then would need to not only excel in, but also simply survive...all this in order to get the shot of spending 2 years training for a possible mission that could end in a myriad of ways.. reddit, with all your hatred and beauty, please, comment.tl;dr- i want to be an astronaut, any advice?++$++18
so i walked into a costco liquor store (new york law has a weird rule for liquor sales) in order to get some booze. i took a cart and loaded it up with some spirits. i literally looked like a kid in a candy store. when i took it to the checkout, i put two handles on the counter. after that, she asked for a id. i still had 6 more handles to put up on the counter. i hand her my ff il with the creased lamination. she then asked if i had "anything else." i asked if a credit card would do and she said yes. i gave her a credit card and she then called her manager to take a look. she said the info matches. the manager then asks me if i have any more id. i tell him i don't since i really don't have any more id on me (what the fuck did they expect?). he then says he can't sell it to me since i don't have more id. he hands me my fake back along with my credit card so he clearly couldn't tell it's fake. he also made a comment on how i look young so i think that's what threw him off. i'm 16 btw.anybody here have similar babyface experience?++$++16
i don't know if this is the right place to post this. if it's not, then please let me know! i'm 20 years old. i've been overweight pretty much my whole life. my freshman year of high school, i actually got down to a healthy weight but it didn't last long. i'm 5'1 and the healthiest weight i've been at is around 125-130lbs. i recently had a baby. he's 3 months old. pre pregnancy, i was 165lbs, size 10 jeans. i gained 15lbs throughout my pregnancy and lost it right after i had him. i have no idea what happened these past 3 months. i think i've developed some form of food addiction. right now, i weigh around 210-215lbs. this past week, i've vomited 3 times from eating so much. i have no idea why i do it. my husband works in the oil field and is gone 3 weeks out of the month. i'm alone with my son for those 3 weeks. i went shopping yesterday and bought nothing. i went from a size 10 to a size 14. i've gained so much weight. i feel so disgusted by my body. but i have no idea where to start. i'm a stay at home mom. i can't just leave to the gym or off to a track to run. i don't have a sitter. my sons teething right now so he's super fussy and wants me to carry and hold him constantly. i don't cook much since it's just me and my baby. i'll eat hot pockets or something quick and i snack all day. it's so gross yet i keep doing it. how can i diet and work out and get healthier? it seems impossible right now but i just hate my body so much. i need to do something about it.++$++20
before the obvious question gets asked (why are you doing this on reddit you lazy scrub) i have already talked it over with the teacher and reddit is a fine place to use for this project.the questions would involve things like perception of life and how to handle certain situations. i would have to have a large age group as well, needing both children and adults, so basically 3 - 103.not sure if this is an okay place to put this but i figured it would have been frowned upon in /r/askreddit++$++16
hi guys,i just thought i'd quickly introduce myself. i joined about a week ago but haven't had the chance to post here. my xbox live (feel free to add me) just ended but i'm going to be renewing next week so i'm really looking forward to playing with all you guys! you all seem like an awesome bunch of people. my name is diego, i'm 20 years old, i live in australia and have been married for just over a year now. at the moment i play gta on xbox one but i also play destiny and halo mcc. i have a mic so can chat with all you guys. overall, just really looking forward to playing with some like minded people. i'm usually on friday's and weekends due to work and family commitments, but occasionally i play during the week too. i know that most of you are overseas so i'm happy to stay up or wake up early on weekends too :) see you all in los santos!++$++20
i am 23 years old.i am from indiana.i enjoy photography, crafts, computers, etc..**dolls**i have two 18" dolls but neither are american girl. i have two my twinn 23" aaf dolls. i have multiple barbies, two dawn dolls, 1 starr doll, 1 jem doll, 1 kelly and 1 kelly's friend doll, a mary-kate and ashley doll (not sure which), and one girl and one guy bratz.i would love to have an ag josefina, kit, samantha, and #30. i also hope to buy up retired my twinn 23" dolls and the old dawn dolls. i really have love any and all dolls and i love to find find new series/types.++$++23
when i leave my current job to start medical school this summer, should i withdraw my retirement (state pension), or should i roll it into my ira? not a huge amount of money, maybe 10 or 15k before any penalties or taxes.++$++27
hey all,i am going through a rather long down period. i've been down for a couple of months now, got fired from both of my part-time jobs for symptoms of hypersomnia, and am pretty much numbing out reality. some personal history: i've been on anti-depressants since i was 12 years old, when i was diagnosed with depression. i'm 30. i have been taking wellbutrin since i was 13 and have been taking effexor xr for several years now. at this point, i'm pretty sure this combination isn't working for me anymore and hasn't for a long time. i've just been in denial, stemmed from fear of side-effects and negative mental responses to other medications. i manage to be stable...able to function and take care of myself on a day-to-day basis...for several months, and then i hit a low point. usually during the winter (presumably by sad), but this time i started coming down in september. while i manage to maintain daily life in my "high points," there is still a part of me that is in total denial about my unhappiness. i convince myself that i'm okay...and for the most part, i am...but something keeps stopping me from growing, challenging myself, and pursuing interests, career opportunities, change.anyway...for the most part, i realize this is mostly personal. but there is also a huge part of me that is annoyed by the fact that i have no idea who i am when i am not on medication. i'm 30 years old. i have been on medication most of my life. i have mentioned this to my psychiatrist and my therapist and, of course, both expressed concern in me not being on medication--seeing as how i'm not doing so hot right now. but could that be caused by the medication? or is it because the medication isn't working and this is what it would be like if i was off medication? or is it because i just need new medication? or would things be better if i wasn't on medication? i have no freaking clue! i have been interested in getting off medication for several years now. and i know i must do this with my psychiatrist's help. right now, i feel, is an opportune moment as i am not employed and i'm basically going to have to get medication from patient assistance programs. any advice is appreciated! i'm so frustrated at this point and have no idea which way to go. i'm tired of this lingering mess and circle i seem to be trapped in...banging my head against every single wall.thanks! :)++$++30
i keep seeing people taking about some untether package that the taig jailbreak doesn't have but the pangu jailbreak had. what does all of that mean?++$++20
hey everyone,my name is oliver and i'm 19 years old. when i was 15-16 i weighed over 110kg's. when i turned 17 i hit the gym after school, it was a routine with my best friend and lost a lot of weight. i was down to 80-85. last year i stopped going to the gym because i graduated, i couldn't go with my buddy anymore and the motivation was gone.i was inactive for a year and gained a lot of my weight back. i also started my own business so no sleep, junk food and energy drinks are killing me again. few months ago i got a gym membership but i absolutely hate going there. i'm alone, i can't make friends because my schedule is so weird and the bike ride is 20 minutes which is demotivating. (i know, it's cardio).my business is doing well and i earned some money. i'm considering clearing out a room in the house and making a home gym. i was wondering what your thoughts are on this and what the essentials are? i already changed my diet, i just need to get in shape again. i was thinking of getting a set of dumbbels, a fitness mat, an abs trainer (the thing where you lay down and it looks like a cage) and either a home trainer (bike) or a cross trainer (the heavy walking/running machine). will probably hang a tv there and just go to town whilst watching a movie. i know i'm going to be more dedicated when i can do it at home and whenever i want. what essentials did i miss and what do you think of my plan? also, should i get the hometrainer or the crosstrainer?i'm from belgium so running outside when it's freezing isn't really fun. a home gym would be great fun :-)thanks!++$++19
i'll try not to make this too long, but basically i'm 24 years old and haven't had any paid word since 2007.experience i've had since then is a primarily data entry from a 6 month internship and another 6 month student project from approximately 2 years ago. my degree is basically useless at this point (bachelor of interactive entertainment) and only after doing it i realised it was a mistake and i should have studied something with more job opportunities after.i'm still living at home and absolutely hate being a financial burden on my family, but i just can't seem to land work or even an interview anywhere. obviously it's not doing wonders for my self-esteem either when everyone around me is able to find work.employment agencies were completely useless when i was on centrelink (basically financial assitance while trying to find work and other things here in australia) and was required to see them monthly (it seemed more like they weren't actually looking for anything for me rather than just me showing up there to say "yeah i have been looking for work").i applied for the defence force, but when i went for the assessment session i was rendered unfit due to medical reasons (i can appeal this soon because none of the reasons were major, but this doesn't tackle my current problem).it's quite clear that i'm not really good at this and i deeply regret not finding more work when i was in high school, but i can't dwell on the past. ideally i'd want a job in front of a computer, but i'm fully aware that beggars can't be choosers.i'm just looking for any help or advice the more experienced people here can provide, i'm in brisbane if that has any relevance.thanks in advance for any input.++$++24
i'm currently stuck in a dead end career that i have no passion for. also, i'm having a hard time figuring out what i want to do with my life. i'm 31 years old and i'm quite lost on what i want from life in my professional career. if it matters, i direct local news. i've been doing it for 9 years and there is no more room for growth. i'm looking to move to another career and not be in news anymore. to the people who've changed careers or have known people who've done it, what was done to facilitate this change?  how did you finally figure out what your passion was?++$++31
hey everyone,my name is oliver and i'm 19 years old. when i was 15-16 i weighed over 110kg's. when i turned 17 i hit the gym after school, it was a routine with my best friend and lost a lot of weight. i was down to 80-85. last year i stopped going to the gym because i graduated, i couldn't go with my buddy anymore and the motivation was gone.i was inactive for a year and gained a lot of my weight back. i also started my own business so no sleep, junk food and energy drinks are killing me again. few months ago i got a gym membership but i absolutely hate going there. i'm alone, i can't make friends because my schedule is so weird and the bike ride is 20 minutes which is demotivating. (i know, it's cardio).my business is doing well and i earned some money. i'm considering clearing out a room in the house and making a home gym.i was wondering what your thoughts are on this and what the essentials are? i already changed my diet, i just need to get in shape again. i was thinking of getting a set of dumbbels, a fitness mat, an abs trainer (the thing where you lay down and it looks like a cage) and either a home trainer (bike) or a cross trainer (the heavy walking/running machine). will probably hang a tv there and just go to town whilst watching a movie. i know i'm going to be more dedicated when i can do it at home and whenever i want.what essentials did i miss and what do you think of my plan? also, should i get the hometrainer or the crosstrainer?i'm from belgium so running outside when it's freezing isn't really fun. a home gym would be great fun :-)thanks!++$++19
i am 25 years old and root for the carolina panthers, charlotte hornets and atlanta braves in the us. i did not want to be a bangwagon fan. i want a loyal fanbase and a team that plays hard with a bright future. i did not want to root for united, arsenal, liverpool, etc. i hear that city does not have young fans and the stadium can be empty. i hear that they can be relegated at any time. i hear that you do not chose to support city, you are born into it and to chose somebody else. give me reasons to stick with city!++$++25
this is posted in r/askmen as well. would love to get some advice! i'm currently stuck in a dead end career that i have no passion for. also, i'm having a hard time figuring out what i want to do with my life. i'm 31 years old and i'm quite lost on what i want from life in my professional career. if it matters, i direct local news. i've been doing it for 9 years and there is no more room for growth. i'm looking to move to another career and not be in news anymore. to the people who've changed careers or have known people who've done it, what was done to facilitate this change? how did you finally figure out what your passion was?++$++31
about once a week it happens. i wake up in cold sweats, my heart is nearly pounding out of my chest, and my jaw's soar from being clenched. it's not because i was falling and woke up just before i hit ground, i wish it were; i can fall back asleep after that. imagine witnessing your own funeral, the exact same way, every week.i find myself in the bathroom of my old church, examining my face in the mirror as i wash my hands. my skin is clear of acne, but i look much older. that makes me question things, and sends me into an almost out of body reality. i start questioning things like why i am there, why i look much older than i should, and why i can't remember anything prior to being in the bathroom. just then the pastor of the church walks in, and completely ignores me. i try to say hello and he just acts like im not even there. i run out into the lobby, and see my two sisters dressed in black, crying with each other. everyone's wearing black, besides the 20 or so men wearing the formal wear of the chicago fire dept. then it hits me, i see pictures of me hanging on the wall, people crying everywhere, flowers on pedestals, and a casket sitting over in the corner. laying in a neat pile right next to the casket, is a pile of fireman's bunker gear, with a helmet on top; my helmet. i'm 21 years old and i am in my last year at the fire academy in wisconsin. since i was 12 i have had dreams of being on the chicago fire department, and after my last interview, it looks very promising. i have been having this dream about once a week for the last 6 months. can anyone please provide some insight? this scares me to death, but i am hoping it's just nerves. i can't talk to my family about it. so please lend some advice.thank you.++$++21
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* washington state police overwhelmed by public requests for dash- and body-cam footage, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2nubr5/washington_state_police_overwhelmed_by_public/)**  * an egyptian court has designated isis and all of their affiliates terrorist organizations and banned them in the country., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2nugm7/an_egyptian_court_has_designated_isis_and_all_of/)**  * isolated incidents? 40 cops in 30 days racked up dozens of charges in sexual abuse, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2nuo7v/isolated_incidents_40_cops_in_30_days_racked_up/)**  * united: black gun owners protect white owned business during ferguson riots, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2nus9g/united_black_gun_owners_protect_white_owned/)**  * we need to make it clear to the fcc that we want uncensored net neutrality, for user privacy and true net neutrality, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2nvp96/we_need_to_make_it_clear_to_the_fcc_that_we_want/)**  * gif: nathan mackinnon catches the puck on his stick after deflection (x-post r/hockey), *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2nuiqv/gif_nathan_mackinnon_catches_the_puck_on_his/)**  * california  the supreme court of california has ruled that a suspects silence can be used as evidence of guilt during trial., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ntquh/california_the_supreme_court_of_california_has/)**  * where yahoo went wrong when they decided to sell prints of cc-licensed flickr images, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2nvtml/where_yahoo_went_wrong_when_they_decided_to_sell/)**  * who is "sara"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2nvhe4/who_is_sara/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk the inner workings of a car and how it works., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2nuwsh/ysk_the_inner_workings_of_a_car_and_how_it_works/)**  * which is faster gravity or light?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2nukm0/which_is_faster_gravity_or_light/)**  * eli5:how were graphics able to improve on consoles like xbox 360 and ps3? the hardware didn't change at all but if you compare any 2006 or 2007 game to like gta 5, you can see a big difference., *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2nu9py/eli5how_were_graphics_able_to_improve_on_consoles/)**  * til mattel made and sold wonder woman's "invisible jet" as a collectible. the package was an empty plastic shell with nothing inside, and was originally intended as an april fool's joke., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2nv01y/til_mattel_made_and_sold_wonder_womans_invisible/)**  * i went on google trends and searched "line graph" to be ironic... this is what i found [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2nvji3/i_went_on_google_trends_and_searched_line_graph/)**  * [request] how to remove washed in fuzzies from clothes, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2nvu29/request_how_to_remove_washed_in_fuzzies_from/)**  * my credit card company called last night and told me that my card was stolen. should i call the police?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2nuf4w/my_credit_card_company_called_last_night_and_told/)**  * elegant type animation, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2nuqzu/elegant_type_animation/)**  * quokkas can suffer from muscular dystrophy, and have been employed in medical research in that area., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2nuwga/quokkas_can_suffer_from_muscular_dystrophy_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: when wearing a tie on a windy day, slip a coin down the inside of the hem to keep the tie from blowing all around., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2nuhgr/lpt_when_wearing_a_tie_on_a_windy_day_slip_a_coin/)**  * 1.5 year back transformation with almost exclusively pull-ups, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2nvkl8/15_year_back_transformation_with_almost/)**  * [image] be crazy., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2numys/image_be_crazy/)**  * macgyver'd a macy's security tag off a shirt. very easy., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2nuuy2/macgyverd_a_macys_security_tag_off_a_shirt_very/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* new vaccine developed to prevent lyme disease, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2nv37y/new_vaccine_developed_to_prevent_lyme_disease/)**  * invisible shield found thousands of miles above earth blocks 'killer electrons', *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2nubb8/invisible_shield_found_thousands_of_miles_above/)**  * 1st true colour image of comet 67p emerges, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2nvagm/1st_true_colour_image_of_comet_67p_emerges/)**  * isaac asimov memorial debate: the existence of nothing. moderated by neil degrass tyson, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2nu9tg/isaac_asimov_memorial_debate_the_existence_of/)**  * tonight's waxing gibbous moon from bristol, uk. caught with a smartphone., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2nv182/tonights_waxing_gibbous_moon_from_bristol_uk/)**  * this week in science: evidence dna can survive in space, gigabit laser connections, converting sawdust to gasoline, and more!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2nucje/this_week_in_science_evidence_dna_can_survive_in/)**  * google street view availability in europe [1808x1634], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2ntl3c/google_street_view_availability_in_europe/)**  * source code for the image description algorithm written at stanford university, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2nuzo6/source_code_for_the_image_description_algorithm/)**  * four ways linux is headed for no-downtime kernel patching, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2nu7f2/four_ways_linux_is_headed_for_nodowntime_kernel/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* non-british people of reddit, what about britain is stupid/baffles you?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2nuals/nonbritish_people_of_reddit_what_about_britain_is/)**  * i am the first (and only) person to visit every country in the world without flying. i now live on a private island in the caribbean. ask me anything!!!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2nue7a/i_am_the_first_and_only_person_to_visit_every/)**  * i (25 f) am coming out as a lesbian to my conservative christian mother in a few hours ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2nv88l/i_25_f_am_coming_out_as_a_lesbian_to_my/)**  * op in /r/relationships is mad at the woman her son got pregnant, and the sub is mad at op, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2nuimr/op_in_rrelationships_is_mad_at_the_woman_her_son/)**  * the people of /r/showerthoughts vs. /u/maker01 for stealing an archived post, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2ntzd5/the_people_of_rshowerthoughts_vs_umaker01_for/)**  * a ridiculously awful video game character is posted. within hours this user makes a custom painting making it look totally awesome., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2nuio8/a_ridiculously_awful_video_game_character_is/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ntzsn) /r/withrice, /r/catsonglass, /r/grandtheftautov, /r/hockey, /r/doesnottranslate  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the great happiness space tale of an osaka love thief (2006) - explores the underground world of high-end japanese clubs, where attractive young men serve as escorts for wealthy female patrons. the depth and twists of the game are astonishing., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2nuufn/the_great_happiness_space_tale_of_an_osaka_love/)**  * attack the block (2011) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2nuab7/attack_the_block_2011_720p/)**  * the lord of the rings: the return of the king (2003) 1080p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2nv129/the_lord_of_the_rings_the_return_of_the_king_2003/)**  * the george lucas special edition trailer for 'the force awakens' - brilliant!, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2nttqq/the_george_lucas_special_edition_trailer_for_the/)**  * brother ali - forest whitiker [hip-hop], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2nufs4/brother_ali_forest_whitiker_hiphop/)**  * proleter - stereosun [instrumental hip-hop/jazz-hop] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2nuipu/proleter_stereosun_instrumental_hiphopjazzhop_2014/)**  * creative interactive site that outlines the dangers in prescription drug abuse., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2nukyn/creative_interactive_site_that_outlines_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my little sisters cat, aullie, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2nueyg/my_little_sisters_cat_aullie/)**  * recent snowfall in the water gap at the delaware national recreation area with mature bald eagle flying over. taken with my phone from the new jersey side. oc [5312 x 2988], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2nubei/recent_snowfall_in_the_water_gap_at_the_delaware/)**  * amsterdam health warning to tourists. you will not be arrested for using drugs in amsterdam, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2nvf1c/amsterdam_health_warning_to_tourists_you_will_not/)**  * the milky way over lac le jeune provincial park, bc, canada. [1920x1279] [oc], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2nuysc/the_milky_way_over_lac_le_jeune_provincial_park/)**  * thick fog covering camps bay, south africa [oc] [5146x2895], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2nusgq/thick_fog_covering_camps_bay_south_africa_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* got my first gun today, *from /r/canadaguns* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/canadaguns/comments/2nw34w/got_my_first_gun_today/)**  * finally got a date with her and she agreed to let me snap a quick one, sorry for the filter., *from /r/eyes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/eyes/comments/2nwclw/finally_got_a_date_with_her_and_she_agreed_to_let/)**  * kagney linn karter, *from /r/modelsgonemild* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modelsgonemild/comments/2nvve4/kagney_linn_karter/)**  * how are you enjoying world aids day r/antipozi? our friends in the gay community over at tumblr seem to be having a blast., *from /r/antipozi* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/antipozi/comments/2nwn6r/how_are_you_enjoying_world_aids_day_rantipozi_our/)**  * so this happened to me tonight :d, *from /r/larp* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/larp/comments/2ntl59/so_this_happened_to_me_tonight_d/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* when sweden is playing denmark, it is swe-den. the remaining letters, not used, is den-mark., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2nvt2q/when_sweden_is_playing_denmark_it_is_sweden_the/)**  * start a mosh pit at a mumford and sons concert, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2nuo20/start_a_mosh_pit_at_a_mumford_and_sons_concert/)**  * "if people looked at the stars each night, they'd live a lot differently. when you look into infinity, you realize that there are more important things than what people do all day." - bill watterson, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2nv340/if_people_looked_at_the_stars_each_night_theyd/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* washington state police overwhelmed by public requests for dash- and body-cam footage, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2nubr5/washington_state_police_overwhelmed_by_public/)**  * an egyptian court has designated isis and all of their affiliates terrorist organizations and banned them in the country., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2nugm7/an_egyptian_court_has_designated_isis_and_all_of/)**  * isolated incidents? 40 cops in 30 days racked up dozens of charges in sexual abuse, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2nuo7v/isolated_incidents_40_cops_in_30_days_racked_up/)**  * united: black gun owners protect white owned business during ferguson riots, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2nus9g/united_black_gun_owners_protect_white_owned/)**  * we need to make it clear to the fcc that we want uncensored net neutrality, for user privacy and true net neutrality, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2nvp96/we_need_to_make_it_clear_to_the_fcc_that_we_want/)**  * gif: nathan mackinnon catches the puck on his stick after deflection (x-post r/hockey), *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2nuiqv/gif_nathan_mackinnon_catches_the_puck_on_his/)**  * california  the supreme court of california has ruled that a suspects silence can be used as evidence of guilt during trial., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ntquh/california_the_supreme_court_of_california_has/)**  * where yahoo went wrong when they decided to sell prints of cc-licensed flickr images, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2nvtml/where_yahoo_went_wrong_when_they_decided_to_sell/)**  * who is "sara"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2nvhe4/who_is_sara/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk the inner workings of a car and how it works., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2nuwsh/ysk_the_inner_workings_of_a_car_and_how_it_works/)**  * which is faster gravity or light?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2nukm0/which_is_faster_gravity_or_light/)**  * eli5:how were graphics able to improve on consoles like xbox 360 and ps3? the hardware didn't change at all but if you compare any 2006 or 2007 game to like gta 5, you can see a big difference., *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2nu9py/eli5how_were_graphics_able_to_improve_on_consoles/)**  * til mattel made and sold wonder woman's "invisible jet" as a collectible. the package was an empty plastic shell with nothing inside, and was originally intended as an april fool's joke., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2nv01y/til_mattel_made_and_sold_wonder_womans_invisible/)**  * i went on google trends and searched "line graph" to be ironic... this is what i found [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2nvji3/i_went_on_google_trends_and_searched_line_graph/)**  * [request] how to remove washed in fuzzies from clothes, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2nvu29/request_how_to_remove_washed_in_fuzzies_from/)**  * my credit card company called last night and told me that my card was stolen. should i call the police?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2nuf4w/my_credit_card_company_called_last_night_and_told/)**  * elegant type animation, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2nuqzu/elegant_type_animation/)**  * quokkas can suffer from muscular dystrophy, and have been employed in medical research in that area., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2nuwga/quokkas_can_suffer_from_muscular_dystrophy_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: when wearing a tie on a windy day, slip a coin down the inside of the hem to keep the tie from blowing all around., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2nuhgr/lpt_when_wearing_a_tie_on_a_windy_day_slip_a_coin/)**  * 1.5 year back transformation with almost exclusively pull-ups, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2nvkl8/15_year_back_transformation_with_almost/)**  * [image] be crazy., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2numys/image_be_crazy/)**  * macgyver'd a macy's security tag off a shirt. very easy., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2nuuy2/macgyverd_a_macys_security_tag_off_a_shirt_very/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* new vaccine developed to prevent lyme disease, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2nv37y/new_vaccine_developed_to_prevent_lyme_disease/)**  * invisible shield found thousands of miles above earth blocks 'killer electrons', *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2nubb8/invisible_shield_found_thousands_of_miles_above/)**  * 1st true colour image of comet 67p emerges, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2nvagm/1st_true_colour_image_of_comet_67p_emerges/)**  * isaac asimov memorial debate: the existence of nothing. moderated by neil degrass tyson, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2nu9tg/isaac_asimov_memorial_debate_the_existence_of/)**  * tonight's waxing gibbous moon from bristol, uk. caught with a smartphone., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2nv182/tonights_waxing_gibbous_moon_from_bristol_uk/)**  * this week in science: evidence dna can survive in space, gigabit laser connections, converting sawdust to gasoline, and more!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2nucje/this_week_in_science_evidence_dna_can_survive_in/)**  * google street view availability in europe [1808x1634], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2ntl3c/google_street_view_availability_in_europe/)**  * source code for the image description algorithm written at stanford university, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2nuzo6/source_code_for_the_image_description_algorithm/)**  * four ways linux is headed for no-downtime kernel patching, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2nu7f2/four_ways_linux_is_headed_for_nodowntime_kernel/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* non-british people of reddit, what about britain is stupid/baffles you?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2nuals/nonbritish_people_of_reddit_what_about_britain_is/)**  * i am the first (and only) person to visit every country in the world without flying. i now live on a private island in the caribbean. ask me anything!!!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2nue7a/i_am_the_first_and_only_person_to_visit_every/)**  * i (25 f) am coming out as a lesbian to my conservative christian mother in a few hours ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2nv88l/i_25_f_am_coming_out_as_a_lesbian_to_my/)**  * op in /r/relationships is mad at the woman her son got pregnant, and the sub is mad at op, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2nuimr/op_in_rrelationships_is_mad_at_the_woman_her_son/)**  * the people of /r/showerthoughts vs. /u/maker01 for stealing an archived post, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2ntzd5/the_people_of_rshowerthoughts_vs_umaker01_for/)**  * a ridiculously awful video game character is posted. within hours this user makes a custom painting making it look totally awesome., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2nuio8/a_ridiculously_awful_video_game_character_is/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ntzsn) /r/withrice, /r/catsonglass, /r/grandtheftautov, /r/hockey, /r/doesnottranslate  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the great happiness space tale of an osaka love thief (2006) - explores the underground world of high-end japanese clubs, where attractive young men serve as escorts for wealthy female patrons. the depth and twists of the game are astonishing., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2nuufn/the_great_happiness_space_tale_of_an_osaka_love/)**  * attack the block (2011) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2nuab7/attack_the_block_2011_720p/)**  * the lord of the rings: the return of the king (2003) 1080p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2nv129/the_lord_of_the_rings_the_return_of_the_king_2003/)**  * the george lucas special edition trailer for 'the force awakens' - brilliant!, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2nttqq/the_george_lucas_special_edition_trailer_for_the/)**  * brother ali - forest whitiker [hip-hop], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2nufs4/brother_ali_forest_whitiker_hiphop/)**  * proleter - stereosun [instrumental hip-hop/jazz-hop] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2nuipu/proleter_stereosun_instrumental_hiphopjazzhop_2014/)**  * creative interactive site that outlines the dangers in prescription drug abuse., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2nukyn/creative_interactive_site_that_outlines_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my little sisters cat, aullie, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2nueyg/my_little_sisters_cat_aullie/)**  * recent snowfall in the water gap at the delaware national recreation area with mature bald eagle flying over. taken with my phone from the new jersey side. oc [5312 x 2988], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2nubei/recent_snowfall_in_the_water_gap_at_the_delaware/)**  * amsterdam health warning to tourists. you will not be arrested for using drugs in amsterdam, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2nvf1c/amsterdam_health_warning_to_tourists_you_will_not/)**  * the milky way over lac le jeune provincial park, bc, canada. [1920x1279] [oc], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2nuysc/the_milky_way_over_lac_le_jeune_provincial_park/)**  * thick fog covering camps bay, south africa [oc] [5146x2895], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2nusgq/thick_fog_covering_camps_bay_south_africa_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* got my first gun today, *from /r/canadaguns* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/canadaguns/comments/2nw34w/got_my_first_gun_today/)**  * finally got a date with her and she agreed to let me snap a quick one, sorry for the filter., *from /r/eyes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/eyes/comments/2nwclw/finally_got_a_date_with_her_and_she_agreed_to_let/)**  * kagney linn karter, *from /r/modelsgonemild* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modelsgonemild/comments/2nvve4/kagney_linn_karter/)**  * how are you enjoying world aids day r/antipozi? our friends in the gay community over at tumblr seem to be having a blast., *from /r/antipozi* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/antipozi/comments/2nwn6r/how_are_you_enjoying_world_aids_day_rantipozi_our/)**  * so this happened to me tonight :d, *from /r/larp* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/larp/comments/2ntl59/so_this_happened_to_me_tonight_d/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* when sweden is playing denmark, it is swe-den. the remaining letters, not used, is den-mark., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2nvt2q/when_sweden_is_playing_denmark_it_is_sweden_the/)**  * start a mosh pit at a mumford and sons concert, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2nuo20/start_a_mosh_pit_at_a_mumford_and_sons_concert/)**  * "if people looked at the stars each night, they'd live a lot differently. when you look into infinity, you realize that there are more important things than what people do all day." - bill watterson, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2nv340/if_people_looked_at_the_stars_each_night_theyd/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
hey everyone,so i am 2 days pmo-free. and tonight when i went grocery shopping there was a noticeable difference in the way women were viewing me. i am 24 years old, and usually i never get looks from women older than me. but at the grocery store tonight i felt like some of these women would have maybe even wanted to hook up with me if i tried.today was also a really good day. i went to church for the first time in 5 months, and i also went to the gym. very productive and i feel good right now.inside i feel like fapping right now. but what is stopping me is how great today was. i don't want to throw away future good days like today.so yea just a little success story i had tonight.++$++24
this is my first victory after 4 years of trying. i'm 19 years old and i can officially call myself a novelist. this is weird.++$++19
some background info about myself.i am 20 years old as currently work in a kitchen as a junior chef. i have never been motivated to do anything beyond what is required of me, which means i never excel at what i do. this held true in every single year of schooling i had and translates into my current job. though i'm not doing bad enough to get fired, i'm not doing good enough to get anywhere either.     the reason for this is because i have always had my needs met, see i come from a family who is relatively well off, middle to upper middle class i would say.  so because of that i feel i never was in a situation where i really needed to put in hard work to maintain my comfort/needs. honestly i'm scared of not becoming anything in life. so i want to leave everything behind for a whole, say a couple months and go to a random country with just enough cash to get about. the whole point of this being to burn my boats and really be on my own. what do you guys think? is this a good idea, if so where should i go, if not why not?thanks guys.++$++20
hi, i'm dan. i'm 33 years old and female-to-male transgender (born female bodied, have transitioned to male body). i've had top surgery (with ugly scars) but not bottom and no plans to (because it's expensive and the results are unsatisfactory, plus i don't mind using my "bonus hole.") prior to hormone therapy i was completely asexual because my mind and my body did not connect/communicate. at 25 i started taking testosterone which resulted in dick-like growth of my clit, and gave me some stronger sexual feelings. (i still have a fairly low libido and masturbate on average maybe once a week, sometimes more sometimes less. i often have difficulty getting off even when i do bother to masturbate.) i had my first orgasm at 25 while thinking about a fictional incest couple. (i have always had a vague interest in fictional incest from about age 13 when i first saw luke and leia in star wars.)for a long time the only way i could orgasm was by thinking about that first incest couple. now it's expanded to a variety of fictional brother/sister, father/daughter incest couples, but that's pretty much it. there have been one or two times (seriously, just one or two) where i've come from something not relating to incest.i've not had a sexual partner since i transitioned and i was virtually asexual with the ones i had before my transition, or else we had really horrible bad sex due to my extreme dysphoria.now i'm 33, present as male 24/7 and am generally decently attractive, albeit slightly short (5'7")... and almost exclusively turned on by incest. trying to find a girlfriend that is okay with all of these things (but isn't also super kinky in other areas that i'm not) and is remotely local is... really difficult. i don't know if there's any sort of advice that you guys can give... just wanted to sort of commiserate with people who might understand. i've got an okcupid profile, and i run a incest tumblr with over 30,000 followers. i've met some people via the tumblr that share my kink/etc., and i suspect that's probably my best bet to find someone that shares my kink, is okay/into ftm, isn't incompatibly kinky otherwise, and who i also get along with interest/political/religion wise and who i also think is attractive....  but any advice otherwise would be nice. i've tried to hide the incest kink, but i feel like it's unfair to either of us since i probably cannot get off without it. it seems like that should be the main sexual compatibility between us... ugh. i'm rambling and will shut up now. just wondering how anyone else who can only get off with a weird kink deals, and/or how any other ftms deal... (mtfs also welcome, but i find that the dating experiences often don't correlate between the two.)++$++33
i am 18 years old and currently enrolled in university with no debt. i have a part time job where i earn around $300 a month, and i'm planning on working full time during the summer. i currently have $5000 dollars in my savings account, and am wondering what i should be doing with it. i do not own a car or have to pay rent. my only expenses are my phone bill ( $60 a month). i am a very disciplined spender and have no troubles saving. i feel as if i should be doing more such as investing in stocks but need advice on my next move. all advice is appreciated thanks.++$++18
i began my first ever serious relationship four months ago. it is a long distance relationship (a little over two hours) but we manage to see each other at least every weekend. throughout this relationship, i have learned a lot about myself, but mostly i have learned that i'm pretty much a "brick wall" when it comes to emotions and communicating. i really had no idea i was like this, especially this bad until this relationship and i feel so bad for my boyfriend. i legitimately do not feel half of the emotions he feels, let alone express even a quarter of what he does and i have no idea how to start. i believe i am like this because of how i was raised. my mother and i have fought for as long as i can remember, but it always consisted of her yelling and degrading me as i sat there and cried and literally said nothing. i always had close friends that i would talk to about this, but as i look back i relaized i hardly ever talked about my actual feelings, i just talked about what happened. i am close with my father, but we never really go beyond saying i love you, even though we know we both mean alot to each other. so now that i am in a relationship, i have realized that i am a rather quiet person. every time we fight i just shut down and cry. it has gotten a little better lately as my boyfriend has made me stand up for myself and at least say a few words. but even when i think about saying something or think i feel something i get this massive wave of anxiety that just makes me rather paralyzed. it just makes me want to curl  up in a ball and cry. all of this has been extremely frustrating for my boyfriend, rightfully so, as i pretty much don't communicate. i literally don't have much to say most of the time and i just don't know what to do about. i feel as if our relationship is on the brink lately especially since it's long distance and i don't really know how to feel feelings let alone communicate them. im hoping someone has been like me and was able to change or has any advice from a similar relationship.  (my boyfriend is an amazing person and truly want things to workout with him, he treats me very well)---   **tl;dr**: i don't understand/feel my emotions, let alone communicate them and it is tearing down my ldr with a deserving boyfriend.++$++18
true story:  last week, i found myself in a long line at the supermarket.  it was later in the evening after a long day at work. i just wanted to get home, but the wife asked me to pick some things up.  normally, i would have been very frustrated, but standing right in front of me was this beautiful woman.she was wearing jeans and a low cut white tee that displayer her ample cleavage.  her reddish brown hair was up in a bun.  she had glasses.  she's curvy but in the right places and without thinking twice, i struck up a conversation.we immediately hit it off, chatting, exchanging a joke or two, there was even that moment of awkward silence.  i felt like a teenager again, and i could tell she did too.soon, it was her turn on the line. she paid for her groceries, looked back at me, extended her hand, and simply said, "it was a pleasure meeting you.""the pleasure was all mine," i replied as my large hand captured her delicate hand.  i squeezed it tightly, not too firmly, but just enough to send my message, "i want you."she smiled and started to walk away.  about half way out, she looked back at me and smiled again.  i see how flush her cheeks were.  it was so sexy.  i knew what had to be done.i paid for my stuff and quickly walked out.  i immediately spotter her getting into her car.  i walked over and she rolled down the window."can i call you sometime?" i asked."i'd really like that." she replied.she gave me her number.  "i really look forward to hearing from you."and with that she drove off.i'm married, so i will never call this woman, but i can't stop thinking about her.  i know there was electricity between us.  i know she craves the same things i do.  i know she would appreciate everything i have to offer, mentally and physically.here in dpp, i do call her. are you picking up the phone?++$++38
hey guys. i'm clearing out some prints for a mystery print sale.$20 gets you 2 prints, $30 gets you 3 prints, and so on.here is the link: https://www.etsy.com/listing/213451983/mystery-print-tubeshere is a link to more pictures of the prints:http://imgur.com/a/ri8kf++$++23
to start off, i just went on a whim and found this subreddit and am not familiar with rules and whatnot. i am 20 years old and i'm terrified to lose my mom. i am in college and i have to balance being home and being at school which is emotionally draining as i feel like i should be home more to be with her, but i need to make her happy by going to school and being successful. on the other hand, i am not the important one in this post, she is.my mom is the definition of what everyone looks for in a mother though she is not the best cook. she loves everyone, keeps her gossip to a minimal, and is healthy and active. we are a christian family and throughout highschool, my family was heavily involved in the church and she even directed our choirs tours around the world. during these years, i envied her having more friends my age than i did. my mom knew what us kids liked to do and talk about, so all my friends loved her. she played tennis and even tried to play a few times through her chemo process. she is an all around badass and when she was diagnosed with cancer, after the initial scare, she got pissed as cancer was going to just be in her way and take up too much of her time.she was diagnosed with type 4 liver cancer earlier this year. she apparently had the cancer for a while as it grew so slowly that her liver was able to cope and function normally for the most part. after going through the chemo process for a few months, she was ready to move onto the pill portion of chemo. to our dismay, her doctors ran tests on her liver and realized that there had been a build up of scar tissue, dead cells, and leftover cancer cells blocking her bile ducts in her liver which made her turn yellow from jaundice. because her liver is not functioning properly, she is unable to finish chemo and her cancer cells will end up rising as well as the bile and bilirubin in her body. apparently there is a new pill made from polar bear salts that break down bilirubin in the body, but those do not seem to be making any big differences. i'm scared that her body will not be able to withstand any more of the chemicals in her already.on top of all of these different issues, we have come to find out that she has had an autoimmune disease in her digestive system. we had no way of knowing any of this because my mom was adopted and we know nothing of her genetic medical history.i have done as much research as i know how to do on what she can do to make it through this and medical marijuana and cannibinoids tend to have good things to say about the digestive system and cancer, so if anyone knows any more on this i would greatly appreciate it. the only hesitation my mother has to marijuana is that when she tried it when she was younger, she got paranoid and did not like it.i'm greatly appreciative of anyone who took the time to read this as it was great to get some of this off of my chest. (kind of like writing a letter to yourself).tl;dr: mother has type 4 liver cancer, almost finished chemo, autoimmune disease became known, now is jaundice and can't use chemo until liver functions properly.thanks++$++20
thanks for reading my bull. in the last month, my life as been turned upside down. i was forced to move. i changed jobs and started a second job on the weekends for the holidays. most of these changes are for the better, but in the transformation i last my health insurance. this put me running out of my meds for a couple of days. the problem is now solved thanks to the good people at my drug store. however, currently i am feeling wasted due to a conversation with a girl that i had a small interest in. the topic of happiness came up and i remarked that i am incapable of that emotion. happiness is never a set start for me is what i meant. it is not something that is know to last, but a fleeting breath. in that conversation i was reminded of how isolated i am. i feel as though i will never find a person that i  can connect with or feel as though i am not a lone. just this weekend i was suppose to meet an old girlfriend, but as soon as i told her that i no longer drink the conversation was over and the meeting never happened. that may or may not be a little it of cognitive distortion, but it sure enhances the thought of my eternal solitude. i am 34 years old and haven't had a relationship in 8 years nor sex in 3. i am attractive, but what the hell am i to do? fuck thanks for reading my insanity.++$++34
hi everyone- i know there are several similar threads out there, but i wanted to start a new post to hear some advice about my current situation. a little bit of background: i'm 25 years old and i graduated with my bachelors in public health in 2012. since then i've been working as a health educator for a chronic disease prevention program that targets underserved populations. my long-term goals are to pursue an mph and work at a federal level. here's my dilemma. last week, i was invited to serve as a health volunteer in africa leaving june 2015 and offered a project coordinator position for a grant-funded chronic disease project at a small public health non-profit where i do consulting. i have until the end of the week to make my decision...i applied for the peace corps because after working on the frontline at a local level, i wanted to gain experience working the frontline at a global level. my heart is set on the peace corps -it is within my field and a once in a lifetime opportunity- but i am afraid of turning down the job at the non-profit where i can foresee the next 5 years, establish my professional career, and work on a masters part-time. i guess i'm a little afraid of the unknown and the job prospects in the public health field for returned peace corps volunteers.so, yeah. that's the situation! i'd love to hear people's thoughts and comments, especially from current and former health volunteers, and anyone in the public health field.thanks in advance!++$++25
and for the purpose of keeping it interesting let's exclude diet and exercise on account of the fact that it's an obvious answer. i ask because today i had to go out and buy a pair of jeans which were two sizes bigger than what i used to buy... all my other jeans no longer fit me. growing up i was really tall and extremely thin and that's what i was used to. at age 14 i was 5" 7 and just under 100 pounds. just a gawky kid. but since puberty hit and i filled out a bit. when i was 19 (last year) i was just over 120lbs and feeling good. but after dealing with illness and a bad injury which left me unable to exercise i'm now heavier than ever. i'm not even sure how much i weigh because i'm too scared. i just know i'm wearing pants two sizes bigger and i'm really down about it. summer is coming up and i'm freaking out about not being able to cover up all the time. how do i adjust to this? is there anything i can do to not just help myself mentally and emotionally, but help my physical appearance too? i'm looking after myself as best i can, and exercising as much as possible (which isn't much because i'm on a strict recovery program). i'm 20 years old and i feel like it's time to stop worrying so much about my body image and focus more on my personality, but being this heavy is really affecting me. i wasn't that confident to begin with but now... i cried the other day when i couldn't get into a pair of jeans which fitted just fine at the start of the year. i know a lot of people have it worse than i do. but i would really appreciate any advice i can get from you lovely, inspiring ladies.++$++20
i am in need of help. i am 15 years old turning 16 and i have pmo and fantasy addiction. i have tried many times to quit staring at girls body parts/fantasising and pmoing. one time i actually went over 140 days without pmo but in those last 2 months i had a massive flatline and the negative thoughts got to me. now i can't even last over 2 weeks. i sort of like this girl in my school who i think is interested in me because i flirted with her about a month ago and haven't spoken to her since because i keep losing interest because all my brain wants is fantasies and not reality. i want to approach her but i get way to nervous and i can't even go near her even though she gives me glances sometimes as if she is expecting me to talk to her already. i really need to ignore my nerves and just do it already before it's too late because i could upset her by not doing anything. i need to teach my brain that i should enjoy reality and not fantasy so i can get my life back and break down this wall of isolation from the real world. i don't want to ever look at porn or masturbate ever again because that is what fuels my fantasies and separates me further from the real world and the people. it makes me cry when i relapse and how i have no emotions and displeasure towards real people.i hope you guys understanding this and give me the motivation to save my future life from this shit so i can make myself and others around me happy.++$++15
hey all,background: raided some in bc and heavily in wotlk, finishing all raids on 25 man as warrior dps. didn't really get into heroics at the time. played cata for about six weeks before quitting until just a bit before wod release. character stats/goals: ilvl 637 guardian druid tank, and around a 630 resto offset. looking to tank in the highmaul in the first week or two, but can heal/dps if needed. in search of dedicated, mature, organized guild that is focused on raiding. not necessarily looking to be in the top guild, but do expect focused and dedicated players. am willing to lead a raid group if needed. looking to raid any day monday - thursday, any time after 6pm est i'm 23 years old, not a dick, and not a baddie. :)++$++23
here i am 41 years old and it took me being on keto for 120 days to figure this out. i did a lot of overeating and emotional eating throughout my life. if i can say no to: bread; pasta; potatoes; rice; all and any flour products, and sugar -- i can say no to overeating and emotional eating!!yay me!! and willpower!! i finally realized i have willpower! sweet!++$++41
hey there reddit! i am antivaccer82! for more or less obvious reasons, this is a throwaway account for this ama!!------------------------------------------------------------**just saying:** *i respect everyone's views and would like to hear them. read my edits below please. i would like any information you guys could give me to sway my decision. i just don't want my children hurt in anyway, parents can relate to that.* -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------**short bio:** i am 32 years old and i live in the united states. i have two children and i've been against pharmaceuticals for 7 years, amaa! (i do believe in using medicine when needed.. i just think some can be very dangerous and should not be used recklessly, i also believe that they should proven safe before being put on the market.. side effects are one thing, but there can be serious complications that are not found until they're released on the market.)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**edit:**  let me make it clear, i am not a crazy "vaccines are all evil! they cause autism and are used for mind-control and destroying our third-eye!! rabble rabble rabble"i just believe that the pharmaceutical companies push out their products without thoroughly testing them and reporting the correct results. medication should be proven completely safe before we push it out on the public, we shouldn't push it out for money and keep it on the market till it's proven bad.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**edit 2:** i am honestly just a confused single parent that wants the best for my children. i worded my title wrong, i didn't mean to make you think i am a radical anti-vaccination person. i realize how reddit hates that. i want *the best* for my children. that is why my son is not circumcised because that's not my decision. but since i want them in public school for some years to make friends and such, i think i should get them vaccinated before they go to a illness ridden facility.. but i just don't want to risk hurting them, but not giving them vaccines could hurt them also i would **appreciate** people trying to sway my opinions rather than saying rude things.. we're all people here.++$++32
i have been on nofap for 3 days and am still experiencing profound motivation and support from the community. i am spending a lot of time on the forums but i think that it is important at this stage to reinforce my motivation and feel supported. i haven't felt any strong urges since i began and i am quite surprised.++$++18
first time using reddit as a means of reaching out...hope i don't bore you. i'm 33 years old and single going on 3 years. i don't miss a particular ex girlfriend. i don't miss a particular regular friend...i know that much. being a heterosexual male, i miss the way i had something to think about and work for other than myself. i miss being touched...touching. frankly i miss a woman's presence and a relationship. just typing that makes me feel so awful. my mind is trapped lately and my body expressionless and stoic. often i *think* i have everything, am thankful for it, and then it's time to go home...the end of the day. i go home to nothing. and that is everything. i am at a point in my life where i am afraid for myself from being so alone. as of late i can be in a room full of people and feel more alone than one would feel in outer space. maybe that's just me...or just a phase i'm in.++$++33
same question for pilots.  if so, what was it?++$++21
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on monday.  **report period:**   sunday, november 23, 2014 through saturday, november 29, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askscience** [[full report](/2nx2jq)]   ---* [how did einstein figure out relativity in the first place? what problem was he trying to solve? how did he get there?](/2n66jw)  * ["if you remove all the space in the atoms, the entire human race could fit in the volume of a sugar cube" is this how neutron stars are so dense or is there something else at play?](/2n9oev)  * [if normal body temperature is 37 degrees celsius why does an ambient temperature of 37 feel hot instead of 'just right'?](/2nrcex)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asksciencefiction** [[full report](/2nwywg)]   ---* [[harry potter] i'm a wizard that just got killed in a freak accident. luckily i've turned a stone into a horcrux that i have hidden on a random island in scotland. what happens now?](/2nh993)  * [how do you get to sesame street?](/2npxov)  * [how does daredevil dodge bullets? (bullets move at twice the speed of sound).](/2nekij)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astronomy** [[full report](/2nwx6g)]   ---* [another first: hubble space telescope snaps a supernova as it's gravitationally lensed resulting in four images.](/2nakh9)  * [a beautiful crescent uranus, captured by the the voyager 2 on its way to neptune in 1986.](/2nf19e)  * [simulation of two black holes merging](/2nd532)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bitcoin** [[full report](/2nx3qp)]   ---* [western union filed a copyright claim against me for posting the parody ad to my large facebook page](/2nab2a)  * [simplicity, ease of use, convenience all in one ad!](/2ndf7p)  * [urgent: a zdnet reporter has been emailing senators and members of congress urging them to condemn btc as illegal currency. this is zdnet, a supposedly respected tech publication. let's tell them we don't agree with this kind of "journalism"](/2nhlxd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/books** [[full report](/2nx4v6)]   ---* ["it's tiring," explains author stephen king in this succinct interview, "to see the world looks more and more like george orwell's vision in 1984 where war is a constant thing... it's just a little bit depressing."](/2n7y8s)  * [penguin random house to donate a book every time some uses the #giveabook hashtag](/2nd7li)  * [i make classic books with alternative cover art.](/2nruxj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cfb** [[full report](/2nx7yx)]   ---* [cfb shower thought - i wonder how many auburn fans will be watching the game with their 3 month old.](/2nrpdp)  * [ncaa single game rushing yardage record broken by oklahoma's samaje perine, just a week after wisconsin's melvin gordon broke it](/2n3zuo)  * [a south carolina fan walks into a bar....](/2neqsr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiratard** [[full report](/2nwxoa)]   ---* [there have been more than 200 cases of polio in pakistan since january. "many people here think the polio vaccination campaign is a western conspiracy to sterilise their children - it's an idea the taliban have been putting about for 10 years now."](/2nkr4o)  * [apparently prophecies of 9/11 exist in the design of the towers themselves. something something about jews and numbers.](/2n5uxs)  * [is it just me or are most the conspiracy theories shared on facebook always shared by people with no education?](/2ng366)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/flipping** [[full report](/2nwy70)]   ---* [so satisfying... hopefully we'll all be doing this on overdrive next month](/2n6al2)  * [how an ebay bookseller defeated a publishing giant at the supreme court((a good read for flippers))](/2neosx)  * [there are certain kinds of "buyers" that piss me off, and this is one of them. (lego figs @ 2.69 p/u fixed price)](/2nmcla)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/geek** [[full report](/2nwwqg)]   ---* [reasons why people who work with computers seem to have a lot of spare time.](/2nd9de)  * [what year is it](/2nipju)  * [humorous ticket i just received.](/2ns4ev)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/getmotivated** [[full report](/2nx0q5)]   ---* [kept this isaac asimov quote on my wall since freshman year of college. applies to every human. [image]](/2nik8z)  * [[image] don't you dare quit.](/2n89i6)  * [[image] don't stop practicing.](/2nl9a3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/investing** [[full report](/2nwztf)]   ---* [norway is being so smart about investing its oil windfall that its people will be set for generations](/2nl3nw)  * [i've just found a really visual website on explaining stock fundamentals. do you guys have any websites like this?](/2n9603)  * [warren buffett estimates hes owned 400 to 500 stocks during his career, and made most of his money on 10 of them.](/2nr6ma)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/news** [[full report](/2nxal2)]   ---* [hbo hires 160 lawyers in preparation for scientology documentary release.](/2nfrdp)  * [no indictment in ferguson case](/2nbslo)  * [cdc: fewer than 18% of american adults smoke cigarettes, a new low](/2njm1n)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/physics** [[full report](/2nwvnd)]   ---* [my grandfather's modern physics textbook copyrighted 1945. it doesn't list einstein's death year because it hadn't happened yet.](/2nkawf)  * [youtube video on half vortex's](/2n4obi)  * [light through a diffraction grating](/2ngaa4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pics** [[full report](/2nxdgt)]   ---* [important meeting taking place across the street...](/2n95ma)  * [axe with intact wooden shaft uncovered at rdbyhavn, denmark. dates to the stone age, about 5,500 years ago.](/2n9ywu)  * [so about halfway through my flight i heard a loud pop, looked out my window at a bolt that flew off the prop and broke through the outer pane](/2neg2m)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pinkfloyd** [[full report](/2nww0x)]   ---* [this made the rounds yesterday with a star wars caption. ftfy.](/2nocxj)  * [pink floyds david gilmour will release solo album in 2015](/2nkv96)  * [just got this cake for my birthday. pretty rad.](/2n7grc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitrconservativesays** [[full report](/2nwvbn)]   ---* [the irony of using a meme to make this point is absolute.](/2nn2ql)  * [ferguson protesters are terrorists](/2nqgfu)  * [my prediction for today was that it would be difficult to spot the difference between r/whiterights and r/conservative. maybe i should have purchased a lottery ticket.](/2nektj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/tech** [[full report](/2nwxen)]   ---* [global online population hits 3 billion](/2ndss0)  * [nintendo files patent to emulate its gameboy on phones](/2ns1xh)  * [google and stanford built similar neural networks without knowing it](/2n95zt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/truereddit** [[full report](/2nx19l)]   ---* [a letter to  the girl who accused me of rape when i was 15](/2nrd2q)  * [your honest-to-god guide to stds](/2nmgub)  * [its incredibly rare for a grand jury to do what fergusons just did](/2ncmxi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/upliftingnews** [[full report](/2nwwex)]   ---* [millionaire chinese businessman bulldozes run down huts in village where he grew up and builds luxury flats for residents instead... for free.](/2njodd)  * [the stray dog who followed an extreme sports team during a 430-mile race through the amazon and refused to leave their side until the finish](/2n6rd2)  * [a woman lost her 2 year old child because of a reckless driver, and my town rallies behind her by giving her random hugs, cooking meals, and helping her mend her broken heart](/2noerc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldcup** [[full report](/2nwyzj)]   ---* [sony pulls fifa world cup sponsorship](/2nd812)  * [brazil legend pele in special care unit in sao paulo hospital](/2nlgy6)  * [canada is ready to welcome the world](/2nhdo1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i want the wife and kids life.  nobody really knows this.  i'm 21 years old and the idea of being a working class father, married to the mother of his children sounds like the best thing in the world and that is so different from what i would have said this time last year, but i've learned a lot about myself in the last year.  that's all really.++$++21
hello fathers! my name is robert, i'm 25 years old and a brand new daddy! my wife /u/katiehasaraspberry recommended i join you guys now that our baby boy benjamin is with us in the world.  she is / was a regular poster to the /r/babybumps gang. little benjamin robert jack collins came to our world november 24th at 23:09. the first frost of the winter here in england. after a blood transfusion for my wife and 3 nights in hospital we finally came home to start our family life thursday. so if it's ok with you guys i would love to learn and share with all of you his little adventures and discoveries along with my own!++$++25
hi guys i'm 22 years old and from belgium and i love metal detecting. just finding old stuff in nature... old (ancient) coins, bullets, stuff like that.if you would like to follow me, add me on snapchat: "metaldetector"if you got a hobby that you frequently snap, post your name and i'll add you!++$++22
hey dpp,recently, i have been looking for a girl who has an interest in playing my best friend. as for kinks: i am pretty vanilla aside from dirty talk, impregnation, some domination and a tinge of romance. i am open to other fetishes as long as they dont include blood, scat or extreme ageplay. since i like to set up scenes with my partner, i thought i would set up some premises of how we got together and you could tell me which set up you like best. if you are a fun, smart, dirty player who is into building a sexy, dirty, but still fun story, pm me and let me know which premise grabs you (and any fetishes you are into) and i will set us up. 1) since we live together, one night i am in my room reading and i hear you fucking some guy you met out at the pub with your friends from work. while listening, i get more and more aroused and begin getting jealous that someone else is fucking you. once you two are done (and you kick him out), i walk into your room and begin making some moves on you. 2) every thursday, we plan some time to hang out after work where we get dinner, shop for records and talk about our relationships (or lack thereof). we have always been flirty and had some sexual tension, but always ignored it since we were such good friends and you are my buddys ex. however, after one particularly intense discussion, we realize we want to hook up and this leads to a passionate night of exploring each others kinks. 3) one night i am hanging out at the pub where we go almost every night. while i have always had a thing for you, it has settled into a quiet buzz in the back of my mind as opposed to something i feel i need to act one. however, on this particular night, you come into the pub wearing a really short, tight dress and fuck me pumps. amazed by how good you look and my desire for you rekindled, i decide i will do whatever it takes to have you tonight.++$++36
alright folks,please bear with this short aside before i arrive at my question. i obtained a ba in psychology (w/ english lit as my second major) a few years back from a small liberal arts university. clearly, this was a "follow your interests/heart/passion/bullshit" decision and i was not entirely focused on a long-term career type of decision. i do not wish to discredit these fields or the quality of my education; fuck, i loved my courses, professors, and my studies taught me, among other things, how to learn. i've put my education in the humanities to use over the past few years as a therapist for children with autism. i truly enjoy the work that i do, but i view this more as a job and do not see this as a sustainable career for myself.enter: interstellar. this is not a commentary on the quality of the movie, but i walked out of the theater with a reignited passion for the "hard sciences" that i haven't felt since high school. i am now seriously considering going back to school for some sort of engineering degree (specific area tbd), but i am unsure of the best way to go about this. i understand that jumping into master's level studies will require me to complete some prerequisite courses that i did not complete during my undergrad (e.g. certain math courses), but i am confident that my work ethic, intelligence, and willingness to learn will get me there. i suppose i do not have one specific question to ask, but any feedback from others who either a) went back to school for a second ba/bs, b) went back to school for a ms that was unrelated to their undergraduate degree, or c) currently work as a chemical/mechanical/electrical/any engineer would be greatly appreciated.p.s. i am 26 years old (if that influences any advice you have), and thank you in advanced for your help.++$++26
what sort of experiments have any of you performed with wicking materials, and how did they go?  the idea "i'm going to use tissue paper for a wick!" comes to mind, but i mean anything yuo might use in a pinch or just to see what happens...i'm curious.++$++21
hello /r/personalfinance! i am 27 years old, graduated from undergrad in 2009, and will be starting an md program this summer.i will be leaving my employer of 4 years. i have no savings outside of retirement, and i was the first in my family to graduate college, so i will most likely be paying for med school with loans, average indebtedness for an md is ~$180,000.i have a roth ira with about $6k or $7k in it, as well as a pension with about $10k-$15k in it. when i leave my job, should i withdraw my pension to help pay for medical school? or should i simply roll it into my ira? will the interest i save on my huge loans be worth more than the money will be in the ira in ~40 years?i also have a car payment (might sell it before school, unless my so takes over the payments) and very minimal credit card and student loan debt. i will have no credit card debt at the start of school i am confident. i have about 8 months where i will have about $1000 to put towards debt or savings per month.any advice on my retirement or any other tips for my situation are greatly appreciated.thanks!++$++27
my cyanogen started up acting all bad,crashing on random apps and completly freezing. any way to fully reset a device,and could 2 roms interfir with each other?++$++16
give me a break, titles are hard... i will **not** make a pun. anyway i'm looking to start up an rp with someone and in the interest of not wasting time i'll just list off my kinks and no no's and go right into the prompt. if you want to participate just go off the prompt, i always find set up messages just a little awkward for both parties. kinks: dom/sub, public, bondage, seduction, romance, secret attraction, assplay.limits: scat, pee, pegging, feet, blood, gore. prompt:my head is killing me as i groggily open my eyes, the light pouring in from the window seemingly absurdly bright. i cover my eyes and sigh, i never really drink, but last night i think i got a little carried away, i can't even remember half the night. i roll over, expecting to be caught by the wall my bed is pushed against, but instead i find open air and very nearly fall off. "what the hell?" i say to myself, my hand hard pressed against the floor to keep me from falling.  i look around and realize i'm not in my room, what should be white painted walls and a dark blue blanket is instead hundreds of posters stuck to the wall and a reddish pink blanket wrapped around my naked waist.i hear a soft mumble and turn around, freezing in my tracks as i look at the naked girl beside me. "oh shit!" i whisper to myself, seeing your bare chest rising and falling, the nipples hard in the cold air. i know exactly who you are.you mumble something again, but i don't really hear it. i climb out of bed silently and find my pants, pulling them on and gathering the rest of my clothes that are strewn about, i realize that you somehow got my boxers and put them on. i shake my head and head for the desk by the door and write a harried note.*i'm so sorry, i have to go. - tim.* i open and close the door behind me with as little sound as i can and rush to leave, not wanting to stay around for you to wake up.___________________________________________________________okay, there's are prompt. the idea is that last night we hooked up, we can add little flash backs throughout the prompt if you want. (i remember the feel of your hands on my back, the soft touch of your lips as you wrap yourself around me. for example.) but it's happened. i want us to have some kind of relationship before this happened, maybe we were roommates, maybe you're my best friends gf, maybe my boss' daughter, if you have a particular favorite just slip it into the rp or write it out of the story in (parenthesis) if not i'll improvise and just add it in when i can.our relationship can be anything, maybe you're still a minor (but not so much so.) and i could get in trouble if for some reason you decided to share our night with someone. maybe i've always had a crush on you, and after a little morning freak out i want you again. anything you want is possible so long as it's within the limits of what we both will accept. look forward to hearing from you.++$++20
i'm 24 years old, home alone for the next hour and i want to get dirty.. i prefer older guys but am really down for anyone pm your kik and let's have some fun++$++24
http://i.imgur.com/x4cbpp6.jpg++$++23
the tyson science station was designed to investigate the possibilities of mining the surface of titan for helium-6, a new fuel source for the martian and moon bases.  the un space commission drafted two scientists, one a planetary geologist tasked with interpreting the data coming from titan the other an aerospace engineer tasked with repairing the drones sent to the surface to gather data.  the mission is scheduled to be no less than 48 months.  during the six months we have been on the tss, you and i have already gone through the rigorous hours of setting up the drones and running all the system tests on the station.  life has become boring, routine even though we are the first humans to orbit titan.  we have known each other for months now, through training, the journey here and setting up the base.  while we are friends, we have also been flirtatious with each other and are getting to a point where we have carnal needs we need to satisfy.as you can tell from this prompt, i want to do a sci-fi scene where i and another player live, work and have sex during a manned science mission.  my kinks include dirty talk, impregnation, longer passages, description and catering to my partners tastes.  i am 36 years old with brown hair and eyes.  i am 64 tall and 220 pounds.  feel free to pm me if you are interested in this scene.++$++36
i will pm to the first to comment here. if you already have it don't be a douche.++$++16
i'm 22 years old and i have a lot going for me right now. i was dating this wonderful woman (25) for 9 months then i ended it. it's been about 6 months since we broke up, but on good terms- but i am constantly thinking about her non-stop knowing that i made a mistake. im what you call a "free spirit" and she is very stable with where she is and a lot of people would see that as a mismatch, but honestly i thought we were perfect for eachother.....anyways, long story short. i ended it because i thought being in a relationship righr now would hold me back from my goals. right now that everything is being sorted out with my job, i really wany her back. would do i do? should i move on ? or is there a way to win her heart back ?i am in desperate need for advice.++$++22
i'm debating trying it out, or if anyone has any other suggestions for wrinkle cream (paula's choice?). i am 24 years old, very fair skin, and have been using the 2% paula's choice bha and moisturizing morning and night. but i'd like to reduce the appearance of a few deep brow lines, fine lines around the eyes, and the mouth. my skin must be prone to it because i'm only 24 and it's already progressing! any advice would be great appreciated.++$++24
but obviously dj equipment is super expensive, is there anything i could buy them which would be of use which doesn't break the bank? i know nothing about dj'ing so hoping you guys can help :)++$++20
i'm 16 years old and im wondering what other 16 year olds were capable of or limited to.++$++16
so i am trying to apply for this web developer post and i need help personalizing a cover letter for the specif post as i am really stuck.points required by company:*  working internationally in various countries* supporting flexible working hours when necessary (dont have a problem with this, should i mention it?)* learning new frameworks and adopting new javascript libraries and frameworks like particularly angularjs and bootstrap 3 (always willing to learn new frameworks and technology. don't have experience with angularjs but specilised my dissertation on responsive thus i used bootstrap 3 a lot)* at least 3 years' working experience in web development (i only have 1.5 years actually working with a company in web development)i am stuck on how to open the letter since i am 22 years old and  i want to include almost everything (summary) in first sentence, however i only have 1.5 years experience in this required field.how do i mention all the knowledge/skill i have requested and keep it short?i also have no means of checking the name of the person who will read it since it is an international company, how should i start the letter? is dear recruited good?thank you all!++$++22
so i'm 20 years old, study in what is supposed to be the best college in the city but man does the crowd suck.i've got tons of friends who all study in other colleges. my exams end on the 6th and theirs end starting today, i need to stay back till the 15th for a [mun](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=3&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ceqqfjac&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fen.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2fmodel_united_nations&amp;ei=pzn8vj6qicgxuqtp8yc4dq&amp;usg=afqjcngvxmbnhhmvvgc2-ffeoxsqol5tra&amp;sig2=ufi6fz64llbguormekaqlg&amp;bvm=bv.80642063,d.c2e). so i'm going to be pretty jobless with very little worthwhile company and that's where dear reddit, i need your help. i should mention i'm a guy, and would prefer female company because of the entry thing in most clubs, but everybody's welcome!ps: ladies, don't worry, i like someone so i won't be a creep.++$++20
hello everyone, my name is brian! i am 30 years old and in college at portland community college for psychology and business. i started very late. i dont regret this decision, as its motivated me to do well in school as more is on the line. video games have always played an important role in my life. my first console was a nintendo of course, i played mario till it died. life has gotten very hard lately so i have decided to pick up a job while in school to pick up the slack on bills. i am starting my first day in months of not working. i will be at taco bell!i have asked my parents for dragon age for christmas but my parents dont have alot and 6 siblings to buy presents for. im not and never have expected video games, and on the rare occasion would receive an on sale one. i usually stick to ftp games, like star trek online.it would be just mind blowing to come home from my first day of work to a copy of inquisition, i want to romance iron bull so good xd then i could also tell my mom i want socks for christmas and she can sigh with relief. here is a screenshot of my origins profile so you know im real :d (http://i.imgur.com/lkhu424.png[1] ) origins id shortman884 steam id (isnt very impressive they moved my main game to arc) http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130515967[2] arc http://i.imgur.com/kvxb0yw.png++$++30
i'm 21 years old caucasian with a car and my own place (i can host but i don't have to, whatever's best for you) i'm 5'10" 175lbs fairly wide shoulders. i have tattoos and a tongue ring. i'm looking for a lady that wants to be eaten out, in my area between the ages of 19 and still confident and attractive (i'm not really age discriminatory) oral sex doesn't have to be reciprocated but would be greatly appreciated, and we could carry on past oral sex if you desire. i'm not too picky about body type, what's important is hygiene and minimal to no pubic hair and nice skin. tl; dr.  i just wanna bury my face between warm soft thighs and lick and tease until the woman pulls my hair and squirms with pleasure. to much to ask? if you respond i'll give you a picture upon request :) ask me stuff++$++21
i'm 15 years old just looking for some advice to help me in the my financial future. i have a job only seasonal though. come from a family of 7. also, my parents and my siblings are living in an rv. any help?++$++15
not sure if this belongs in this sub so my apologies if it doesn't.i'm 20 years old and live with my parents while i go to college. now, it's no secret that i'm not doing well in some of my classes and i sometimes need an escape from life. that escape comes in the form of free tabletop gaming through a laptop that was gifted to me by my younger brother(he has a job in his free time since his classes are a bit easier so he bought himself a better laptop than the one he gave me). it started with my mother shutting off my internet from 10am pst to 5pm pst. what i mean is that it was an entire parental lock on an administrator account that she managed to remotely do it from her computer. it didn't just shut off my internet, it made it so that any browser that tries to connect to any internet won't recognize it. anyway, a few days pass by with me still able to write some essays or work through the block in my own personal ways that still let me escape like writing. of course, she apparently wasn't going to have any of that so she decides to upgrade the parental lock to log me out of the laptop, again remotely, at the same times the browsers wouldn't connect to the internet. as of yesterday, my father just stayed out of it as i didn't live with him until he saw that "nothing has changed" and that i was "still playing those stupid games and not studying". so, he was 100% behind my mother's decisions. at this point, i've essentially given up and am typing this from a computer on my college campus. the only positive is i can still do some of my homework and escaping through tabletops on my phone, but to a much lesser extent.for those of you wondering what i'm escaping from: about 30+ individual tablets a day, crippling depression and self-doubt, and parents that i have described above. i only game at most 12 hours throughout a single saturday, which is my day off after all of my homework is done. i have 12 credits a day done on monday and wednesday, and i'm doing pretty well in my classes with the exception of the class i dropped and my communication/speech class but that stems from an entirely different outcome of my parents which i might post at a different time.i'm just wondering if i'm looking at this from a bad angle or if my parents really are narcissists.++$++20
okay so i am 20 years old, just moved out of state for work, just got my own place but i have questions about "growing up"- i have no credit society has made me believe that getting a credit card is important, i know that a credit card really isn't that important but i do know having credit history is, i don't know where to start to build credit.- issues saving money my month expenses are the following:- rent - $500- cell phone - $160- cable/internet - $60- utilities - $150ish- everything else (food, gas, other things i need) - $140my monthly paychecks equal out to about $1000 so i really have no way to save money, i have already cut my personal expenses to the almost nothing but i still can't scrape up enough money to actually save, what are some good tips on changing my spending habits even more to actually save money?here is my issue with saving money.i come from a family with **a lot** of money, when i was younger, if i wanted something, my parents (dad) would buy it for me. i grew up believing that money seriously grows on trees, i know that the way i was raised, has a serious effect on how i spend my money, so please, any advice to cut my spending habits even more so i could start saving money would greatly be appreciated.++$++20
we have had a great relationship with typical ups and downs. but i really thought this was the one for me. the one that i would be with for the rest of my life. we both have children and ex spouses. i knew that she hasn't been happy. i haven't been either. my ex wife was diagnosed with a rare bone marrow cancer in july of 2013. in the year and a half since she got ill my two teenage sons have been staying with me more as she has been in and out of hospitals. when she told me 4 weeks ago and gave me her reasons i realized that everything started around the same time as my ex's illness. her main complaint was that i quit being there for her( believe me, there are a lot of other things too). as i tried to make sense and reflect on how things went down hill and deal with my grief, i found out that she has been messing around with an old friend. search my posts and you will see the story of that night. enjoy the read. well i still love her. i can't not stop thinking of her. i'm 52 years old and been through a divorce and many break ups. so this past friday i finally told her to fuck off. and how she has been a terrible person. and how the people who have loved her the most are the people that she hurts the most. well she needed something saturday morning and asked me to bring it to her. she was getting ready to go out to an event and she was crying. it's the first time that i actually seen some kind of emotion beside anger. i asked her what's wrong and she said i made her realize that she's not been seeing things as clear as she should be. i left her and went on with my day. well the one thing that we haven't been doing is silly text messages about things that we are doing. you know the type. just random text. well she started and i texted her back all day. we actually had fun. this is the last text i sent her and she hasn't replied. i thought it was brilliant. what about you? : are you really sorry? did you finally realize that ? you've been breaking my heart for a long time. i tried to explain that to you the other day. you've been slowly chipping away. and i've told you too. it was all the small things. like getting pissed when i'd try to come home from work a few minutes early and be pissed that i came to see you. so i quit. i prayed that i would time it right that you would be either on the porch or maybe one of the kids would be out so i could stay out there to see you come out the door. and i quit. or not bringing you something on your order so i could see you for a few minutes at work on tuesday morning. til one morning when i came in and i don't know why but you gave me on of your wtf stares and wouldn't really exchange in a conversation. and it was the last of many. so i quit. or after we ate at your house and just helping you. even before we ate, helping you set the table or getting food ready. just doing stuff for you . just trying to help. and you telling me not to. getting irritated. it was never ever about you needing help. i know you didn't need my help. no, it was about me being with you. that's all it ever was. that's all i ever wanted to do. be with you.not in your way. not because you needed help. not because you couldn't do it all by yourself.none of those. i just wanted to be with you. so i quit. and then samuel would always leave. and it wasn't fair to sam that we was all over there. and i know, he could have stayed. but he didn't. casey and jake come first to you. i love that about you !!!! you would never let one of them be at home by themselves. even if he came home to play video games and i did something else i wanted to at least be here. i don't even know if you have noticed how he has changed since his mom got sick. he's not that fun lets do anything sam. had to nearly twist his arm to get movies. and i asked him 10 times in the last two months to go see a movie while nics been working. just doesn't want to do anything. couldn't even to get him to go fishing. that's why i would come home. because of my son. or how you would get pissed that i would cut your grass . it was never about you. just like above. it was about me helping you. not that you can't do it. or that you needed my help.you can do more than anyone i've ever met. your not afraid to do anything. from tea rind down a wall to fixing a tire.it wasn't about you. it was me just doing something for you. or how you say that i only want to fuck you. of course i do. i have no excuse for that. the love making and the dirty hard sex with you was fabulous . it was the best ever . i will never make love to any one else like i made it to you. never. i will never whisper stuff in anyone's ear. never. or slip my hand over someone else's mouth. never. or never tell what that person wants by looking at her face. never. i'll never be myself and not be afraid to share my sexual thoughts and ideas with some one else. never. i'll never has as much satisfaction in watching some one get off. never. i'll never have so much fun either fucking someone in 2 minutes or 6 hours as i have with you. never. it was a big big part in how we started. we were made for each other. we were on this sexual adventure and then it happened. i told you that we couldn't fall in love. and i did. hard. fast. deep. you were so intoxicating. i couldn't keep my guard up. it happened one day when i was delivering to you. i looked up the stairs at the old college inn . you was standing there and i looked up at caught you eye and a shock went through my body. and i said hi to you and my voice cracked and you looked at me with amusement and smiled. and i brushed your hand and i was in love. just like that.i changed the rule about us. the rule we both vowed to keep. i love you. i've hated you. i've missed you. i've avoided you. i've watched you. i've hid from you. i've thought about you. i've wished that i could get you out of my head. i've timed my delivery to you so you would be there. i've said fuck when you would be at work and i would have get my nerve up to see you. i would smile at you and couldn't wait to talk. and i would grimace at the thought at looking at you. i've wanted to curl up with you. and i've kicked you out of my bed. i've dreamt about you and sometimes your my nightmare. you've completed me.and i failed. i couldn't get through to you how much the tiny mean stuff you did hurts and how it's hard to forgive. because there was no reason for it. you told me last night" well that's who i am" no it's not. your better than that. i know you are.you also told me that everyone of your exes love you. that you are friends with most of them. that's going to be hard for me. so how's that for a random text. brunner, your going to do what ever your going to do.but know one thing. i love you more today then i did yesterday.tl;dr my so(f44) left me(m51) after 5 years. this is part of the story and my last text to her.++$++52
i come from a very well off family. if i wanted something as a child, my dad would buy it for me. i was raised believing that money actually grew on trees.i am now 20 years old and still believing this. i have gotten better about my spending only because i now have rent to pay, as well as car insurance, cell phone bill and cable/internet and utilities, my job just isn't cutting it either, my dad won't help me, he just tells me it is a part of growing up, i need help. i will take all the help i can get and your actions with not go unnoticed.++$++20
i stopped masturbating 4 days ago i've been masturbating since age 9.. i'm 29 years old now. but now i feel very sick without doing it. it's a habit of mine.++$++29
&gt;**what will you be doing with this pc? be as specific as possible, and include specific games or programs you will be using.*** i want pc for newest games, 720p videos and maybe streaming.&gt;**what is your maximum budget?:*580 pounds.&gt;**when do you plan on building/buying the pc? note: beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy.** * as soon as possible.&gt;**what, exactly, do you need included in the budget? (tower/os/monitor/keyboard/mouse/etc)** * pc only.&gt;**which country (and state/province) will you be purchasing the parts in? if you're in us, do you have access to a microcenter location?** * england.&gt;**if reusing any parts (including monitor(s)/keyboard/mouse/etc), what parts will you be reusing? brands and models are appreciated.** * i need only pc - i already have mice, keyboard, headset and monitor.&gt;**will you be overclocking? if yes, are you interested in overclocking right away, or down the line? cpu and/or gpu?** * nope.&gt;**are there any specific features or you want/need in the build? (ex: ssd, large amount of storage or a raid setup, cuda or opencl support, etc)*** i want pc with i5 4590 and gtx 970.&gt;**do you have any specific case preferences (size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower, styles, colors, window or not, led lighting, etc), or a particular color theme?:* no, i dont care about it :)&gt;**do you need a copy of windows 7 or 8.1 included in the budget? if you do need one included, do you have a preference for one or the other?*** nope.&gt;**extra info or particulars:**im looking for pc with i5 4590 and gtx 970. already i was looking for pc for about 580-600 pounds. thanks for all replies and have a nice night! :)++$++15
this isn't necessarily a post that i'm going to kill myself in 5 years. it's more about what i've been through that has put me on borderline suicide for about 5 years.so, let me pre-face all this by saying that i'm 20 years old and i've been on medication for the last 19 years or so due to a liver and kidney dual transplant about 19 years ago.for the last 5 years or so, i've had crippling depression that i've hidden behind a mask of of joy and anger. there are some days where all i want to do is just curl up in a ball on my bed and just stay there until the sadness gets so bad that i either cry myself to sleep or go to the kitchen and slit my wrist just to know i'm can still feel something besides sadness. there were/are some days, especially when i was going through puberty, where i would think about getting my dad's rifle and just ending it all. i know that a lot of you would say that taking pills is no big deal and a lot of people take pills, but this is after the first year and a half of my life was spent on dialysis and a slowly increasing number of medications. i now top out at about 30 individual tablets spread out through about 12 hours.i've found some great people that helped me experience true joy and a feeling that i belong somewhere through tabletop gaming on the computer. what i mean is things like pathfinder and d&amp;d, not blackjack or craps. recently, however, i haven't been able to chat with a lot of them because my parents have decided to set up a parental lock on my computer for about 7 hours of my waking time that logs me out at about 10 in the morning until 5 in the evening. now, i only get to talk about 4.5 hours with my friends which helps a bit, but the depression has kind of been coming back. the thing is that i tried hypnotherapy at my mother's "request"(i use that word loosely) and it didn't really help. lately, i've just kind of felt like giving up on life again and wanting to end it. i really have nothing going for me apart from a group of great people that feel more like a family to my than my actual family does.++$++20
hi everyone,i've been lurking this sub and babybumps for several months. it's an awesome community and now that we are ttc i thought it was time to make things official. i am 31 years old my dh is 30. we have been together over 5 years and just recently married. neither of us has any children. however, when i was 19 i was pregnant - i miscarried shortly after and had to have a d&amp;c. it was presumed at that time that it was due to an auto-immune issue. i was born with meningitis and subsequently have struggled with a weakened immune system. last year i had formal blood work run to verify i was healthy enough to start trying and i got the green light with the agreement i would need to up my vitamin intake, monitor sleep, etc. so, we started in late october. i started using fertility friend and charting like crazy. i've tested twice since we started, both bfn. i'm nervous given my history that sterility may be an issue. we've never used condoms in the time we've been together (but he would always pull out) or had a scare so i think that contributes to my concerns. i was on birth control maybe 3 years ago for 3 months - my bp was spiking horribly and it was negatively affecting the ssri i was on. when my so and i began dating i mentioned my concerns about not being able to conceive. we were fairly serious very quickly so this came up early. we agreed that fertility testing at that time wouldn't be effective. one, because we had just met and weren't ready to start a family regardless of the results and two, we didn't want to find out it would be an issue, not doing, and then later it possibly causing resentment. at the time it seemed like the right decision. so anyway, this is where we are at. we've done everything we were supposed to two cycles and so far nothing. questions:i haven't been using an opk - with only trying for two cycles so far is this something i should be doing?at what point do you usually seek help with ttc if you haven't had any luck?are there supplements that are proven helpful, i.e. vitex that any of you have used?preseed - is this only recommend if you need lube and are ttc or is it thought to be something that helps?sorry for this wall - i'm so excited to finally have people to talk to. i am the second oldest in my family - none of my siblings have children. also, my older sister is going through ivf so i try to be sensitive to her and not talk about it too much. she's not sterile her so doesn't produce sperm in his ejaculate so they had to go the ivf route. thank you ladies - happy to be here :)++$++31
i haven't had a normally functioning penis for the last 2+ years. its hard and rubbery to the touch in its flaccid state and feels almost disconnected from my body. it feels like lifetimes ago the last time i woke up with decent morning wood. i have no libido and sex drive. i'm 23 years old and in pretty decent shape. i just had a minor relapse after a 68 day no masturbation/porn streak, but i didn't feel any different at all any time during the streak, maybe i was flatlining the whole time, but it just seems worse (permanent damage??) my urologist played it off as nothing being wrong and it just being my anxiety but it really seems like a physical issue as well. how can i get back to my old life?! words of advice very much appreciated++$++23
my name is tom and i worked at gamestop for two years, it was truly the best and worst two years of my life. **gamestop position food chain**- sm (store manager)- asm (assistant store manager)- sga (senior game adviser)- ga (game adviser)**2011 holiday season** - i started at the age of 17, i was a seasonal employee, so i was hired in october and was supposed to get fired in january as i was only there for the holiday season, but they liked me so much they decided to keep me. **early 2012** - i started 2012 as a game advisor, the lowest of the low, my only tasks were to ring up and help customers and make sure the walls looks okay (all the games on the walls), i really enjoyed my job, i didn't have any major responsibilites and i always enjoyed having conversations with customers about games for a few minutes. it was fun. my only issue is that my manager had a thing for the other female ga, and since we were tight on hours, she was getting 20-30 hours a week while i was getting 5-10, i thought that they were just going to fire me. would of been much easier.**mid 2012** - it's july, i just turned 18, my manager just changed stores so today i met my new manager, from what i had heard, he was a huge dick, but for some reason, we just connected, we were always working together, and he truly made me a better employee. i looked forward to working with him because we just had fun, we liked the same games, music and movies, so conversations with him were easy, also, he didn't like the other female ga so he just removed her from the schedule and gave me all the hours.**holiday season 2012** - it's october of 2012, i have officially been at gamestop for one year, and i talked to my manager about me possibly getting a promotion to sga, i knew i was ready. my manager talked to our dm at the time, and she said it was okay, i got a nice raise, and it was good.**sga duties**- ringing up and helping customers- being the manager with the sm or asm isn't there.i was finally getting 30-40 hours and i was taking home some nice checks, we went through the holiday season with no problems, fired the other sga so i got his key to the store and life with gamestop wasn't so bad.**edit** - so when i got my promotion, i got about a 3 dollar raise, it took my dm, one year to put my raise into effect so in october of 2013, i got retro pay, so for every hour i worked between october 2012-2013, they took $3 for every hour i worked and put it on one check plus my paycheck, it was annoying waiting for it but definitely worth it when i got it.**early 2013** - 2013 was the downfall for my job at gamestop. i started hating the company, i hated our new dm, i hated how much stress the company put on us.// everyone gets annoyed with how the gs employees bug customers about reservations and subscriptions to pur, **we have to do it or we get fired!!**** march 2013 (the beginning of my downfall)** -  at certain gs stores, we have tablet demos, but my dm emailed us saying to ship them back to the warehouse, so i did just that, somehow, the box got lost in shipping and was never to be found, **i** was blamed for it, my dm gave me a first and final.// first and final means that if i fuck up within the next 12 months, my ass is fired.i fucking hated my job. i hated the customers, i hated everyone i worked with, i hated it all.**end of 2013** - we made it through yet another holiday season, i still fucking hated my job.**early 2014...the end** - i had been with the company for a little over two years now, i loved my job at first but ended up hating it like every other employee, remember that first and final i got? well i had about 3 weeks left until the year was over and the one time i was 4 minutes late, my dm was there, he fired me on the spot. i cursed him out and it took everything inside of me not to put him in the ground. i fucking hate that man to this day.**fast forward 8 months to now** - i moved out of state to a financial firm, i love the job. my manger and me still keep in touch and he told me that he found a new job and will be leaving gamestop, i told him from the beginning, that the day i left, was the downfall of our store, and i was right. our sm was leaving, our asm stepped down to sga, and the sga that replaced me is now the asm but acting as sm but plans on leaving soon, that place is a shit hole.  i hope people enjoyed reading this as i enjoyed writing it, if you have any other questions, feel free to ask.thank you.++$++20
very few people i have talked to or scoured the internet for feels similar to me on this. lacey lingerie to me is just... weird. i am 19 years old, and it feels almost grandma-ish to me. like doilies. i feel like anything intentionally made to be sexy is just a tacky distraction. i've tried telling her what i'm into (honestly, anything that a normal, fit, young woman would wear), but she can't help but take it personally. i understand this, for the majority of the marketing for lingerie is aimed at women to make them feel like they can achieve a further level of sexiness. i prefer things like boy shorts, spandex, and sports bras, which is likely a consequence of my age. we have tried lingerie, and i felt very uncomfortable, like it had to turn me on or else something was wrong with me. does anyone else feel similar to the way i do? what should i do to please her? thanks :)++$++19
i'm mainly writing this to get it all out of my system. i'm 20 years old and i have a gambling problem but i don't see it as a problem most of the time and that's what scares me. i absolutely love sports. all of my gambling is betting on sports. having the opportunity to win money by picking sports outcomes seemed like the greatest thing ever. the rush of watching a game that i have money on is possibly my favorite feeling in the world. what makes it so hard for me to quit is that i'm good at it. not great but in my betting career over the last 2 years i'm up around $2000 from betting. i'll go on streaks where i'll win 3 grand in a week and then take a couple months off. then i'll put around 1000 in over a couple weeks and lose it all then turn 100 into a couple thousand again. two weeks ago i won 2000 to put my total up to 3000 and told myself i was done for a while. well this weekend i relapsed and have lost about $750 the past 3 days. i started with 250, chased that with 150 and here i am down $750. i know i have a problem because i'll tell myself i need to be done but then i check the lines and feel like there's good bets to make and i'll be able to get my money back. and all i can think about is how i wasted that money and how it could have gone to christmas gifts or other things. i'm not struggling financially at all which makes the problem even more complex because i don't have a reason to quit. i have about $20,000 to my name and am up $2000 in my career and it's something that is so fun for me but i know i need to stop but it's so hard. does anyone have any advice or have been in my position before?++$++20
dead ace + hearth = ace     ace + sabo + luffy = 3    sabo + luffy = 3- dead ace -hearth    hearth = hand + lucy   lucy + sabo + luffy = 2   sabo + luffy = 3-dead ace - hearth -lucy    sabo + luffy +ace = 3 - dead lucy.  dead lucy = 0 so ace is alife.++$++23
i am 57 years old and am separated, the divorce is under-way once the house has sold and the finances re-arranged. however i have a gf of 46 who 6 years ago i couldn't keep my hands off and was convinced she was the one for the rest of my life. we are both disabled and both of us are suffering from ever decreasing mobility. i can't lay in many positions in bed and sp-end 90% of my time laying on the right hand side facing outward whilst my gf lays the other side. i have never had a high sex drive but right now i have no sex drive and it has been this way for the past 2 years. we have even been on holiday and were both hoping things would be different but alas they weren't. she tells me several times a day she loves me and i question if i love her and anyway even if i do why is she with me if i can no longer satisfy her. i dont know if i should walk away so she can find someone who will fully show her how much he loves her or if i should continue with this dead bedroom scenario. i met an old flame the other day and had a nice cup of coffee with her and although she was dressed to kill i didn't fancy her nor do i look at anyone else and wish i could "smash their back doors in". i went to the doctors who referred me to a consultant, my testosterone was low so i had a couple of injections but apart from incredible growth of body hair there was no life in the bedroom. so what do people suggest?++$++57
hi reddit! i recently accepted a job in natick,ma and i currently live in virginia. i am looking for nice areas to live in. i am 22 years old and a single female so i am worried about safety as well as not paying too much for rent ( 1200/month would be my max). does anyone have any location recommendations? i would be willing to live about 30-40 mins away from natick but i also would prefer to live near a t stop. any information relating to this area or good places to live or apartment complexes would be greatly greatly appreciated!++$++22
prepare for a wall of text:i currently make between 1100-1600/mo depending on commission (usually towards the low end this time of year). i own two cars which i think i'm going to scrap ('94 accord which runs well but has 40 things in imminent danger of failing, lower ball joint just broke - and a 2003 vw passat that the turbo is shot and 4/5 gear are shot). i have about $1100 to my name in savings.bills are:rent - $200/mogas bill - ~$75/moelectric - ~$50/mophone - $42/mofood - ~$150/moi live right next to my work so commuting is not an issue (i may forgo worrying about a car for a while as everything i need is within a reasonable distance). i cancelled my car insurance. i have no other debt (i'm 28 years old).except: the biggie, i have about 32k student loans past due. i quit school when my mother died to help with the house payments until my siblings graduated and got out on their own ( i know, very irresponsible in hindsight ). we were so underwater with the mortgage that we decided to walk away before it went all the way through probate so it isn't on my credit. i now live next to work and have a roommate in a three bedroom house. i am feeling completely overwhelmed with how to tackle this colossal mistake that i have been avoiding. i could go back to school (i have 3 semesters left for a bsee degree) but i have no idea how i would pay for it...it may be my best option because i can probably leverage a better paying job with an ee degree. so, how should i go about tackling this and stop feeling so overwhelmed with this massive debt. it really is taking a toll on me because i feel like i am reasonably smart, yet i fell for this debt trap. just for some more context: i usually can save about $200/mo after all expenses (i quit smoking, drinking, and going out this year to save more money, no internet and no cable either, no credit card, no other debt), should i just call the student loan place (great lakes - all federal loans, no private ones) and tell them that i can pay that? would that even cover the interest accrued monthly? i am just overwhelmed.here is the rub, i just contacted my loan servicer. they transferred about $20k @6.8% of stafford loans to another debt collection agency (read: in default and i'm fucked on those ones). the remaining $12k @6.8% is still with great lakes and is past due. they want $195/mo for that one. because they are past due i am not eligible for any type of income-based help. should i try to get the status of both of those loans back to in payment, then apply for assistance? that seems to me like the way out, then i can apply for some loans to finish school. it just seems like the amount of money they want to get it back to in payment status means that i won't have enough money to eat....please guide me!thank you.++$++28
i just want to start a discussion of the importance of cardio.if i'm trying to lose weigh, but doing resistance training 6 days a week, would taking off 2 days of lifting for cardio be beneficial? or would fixing my diet and eating at a deficit be sufficient?++$++18
so i guess i won't limit it to just monday, but that'd be a great birthday present from a lovely girl who just wants to go out and have fun.i have a job, a smile and lots of fun.  i like to adventure wherever and bring you along!send me a message and we'll go from there.  i'm in the hamilton area and flexible to toronto and niagara region with ease. chat soon,john++$++30
hey,as the title implies i'm new to the area.  i'm sure there's some good places to meet girls aside from pof or okc as a new guy.  i'm 30 years old and am pretty out going.let me know your thoughts and if you're a girl and want to pm me go ahead, we can chat and see where it goes.  on the plus side i have a job, a vehicle and a smile...talk soon!++$++30
figured i'd give it a try finding some friends haha, just moved here a year ago. figured this would be a good way to make friends and learn cool games. anyone down? i'm 20 years old btw.++$++20
i am 20 years old and have never really been in a relationship, by never really been i mean i have flat out never had a girlfriend. my issue was never that i couldn't talk to girls, its mainly i had lower self esteem in the dating area and what all my friends like to call "really high standards." on top of that i was never really interested in dating, i liked various girls or found girls attractive but i never really saw the point in dating them, in dedicating a significant portion to my life towards any of theses girls.this pretty much changed when i met this new girl who we will call sara. sara is actually a coworker of mine who i found and still find very attractive, i would talk with her a bit here and there but nothing significant until around early october. since then we have been talking a lot more at work, and flirting back and forth. i am pretty sure she likes me for a number of reasons, she always goes out of here way to talk to me at work, coming way out of her way to talk to me and both of us have been scolded (our work is pretty laid back despite being retail) for hanging out when we are supposed to be different departments. she touches me a lot, putting her arm on me when she laughs as if to brace herself, she has grabbed my hand or arm a few times to show me something, and when ever i poke fun at her she pretends as if she is going to hit me and lightly elbows me in the arm or says that she is going to punch me. on top of all this there have been two different times where i made jokes about us dating and she responded positively, the first time it was really slow so she came over to hang out with me and we were just kind of walking through my department talking and then eventually a super visor told her she was needed in her department and she told me she was just going to hang out with me because she knew it wasn't (it really wasn't) and i said that she should just go back over there because i didn't want her to get in trouble "even if its in the name of true love" and then she started laughing and then went back. the other time was i was hanging out in her department and then she started talking to this older guy so i was just kind of standing around doing nothing and she was with him for a while, and at one point he offered to leave because it looked like i needed to talk to her but i told him he was fine and not to worry about it, and then went back to my department; once there i texted her i was going to be grabbing stuff out of the warehouse and for her to find me when she was done, and then she came in and jokingly got mad at me for not bailing her our from talking to him because he was weird, and she said he called her cute and seemed to be kind of hitting on her and i told her she should have told him that she doesn't date older guys, only younger guys like me.the part that i seem to be confused about what to do is when it comes to texting, i think i may just be reading to much into this but she seems to be horrible at texting. she gave me her number with no hesitation when i asked but she seems to be horrible at responding, she responds but it takes for ever generally like a few hours or more, i think she is just one of those people who reads texts and doesn't respond immediately because at work when i was teasing her about it she apologized and said she was is just busy and then texted me, as well she has texted me a few times to ask about things and we wlll be responding back and forth fairly quickly then she will suddenly take forever. and at work she always says that we need to hang out and when i say we need to hang out she always responds very positively, normally i wouldn't care that much but i really like this girl and she is the first girl i can really see my self dating.---   tl;dr: have a crush on a girl, she seems to like me back, seems to suck at texting, and having never dated before i am not sure how i should proceed.++$++20
all i want is to escape the constant drama my nmom and sister continuously produce but this town is too small for that and i can't afford to move away. i'd give my left arm for a job and apartment a thousand miles from here.anyone got tips for coping when the n in your life can't be ignored?++$++25
hello everyone, i rowed for 4 years in high school  6-10 years ago and i am looking to get back my stamina like it was when i was on crew. i am 24 years old, 6'3, 200lbs. i have been into weight lifting since i stopped rugby in college to put some muscle on. the gym is kind of a hassle, i would much rather drop some weight and be in sick cardio shape again. it's what my body is best at.one thing since i had stopped crew that always bothered me was that i never broke 7. hard to believe for someone my height but i could just never crack it. mental block with the 2k probably. i was at 7:03 at the end of high school. i contacted my old coach this past march and we worked from the time i finished tax season to june 7 when i rowed a 6:50. 25lbs heavier helped with the power for sure but the stamina had to be gained back. never...doing....one...again. i am looking to get very heart healthy and get that inhuman endurance back again. i was thinking about just rowing a 5k a day during the week and maybe a long light piece on one weekend day. like 60 minutes at a 2:05 or something. any experienced rowers have any suggestions? i have absolutely no desire to row to the point of fearing the erg like i did in high school. i feel that i have earned that privilege. i usually look up the workout of the day on concept 2 or ask my old coach for a few good workouts. my goal is to drop like 15lbs, and the stamina i mentioned.  i understand i will lose some muscle but that's ok. i like the feeling of being exhausted after a workout and waking up with more and more energy every day. i would also like to learn to enjoy my rowing. it eventually starts to bore me which is why i switch back and forth from lifting. any and all advice would be appreciated.++$++24
i thought i had the times down but i can't remember where i got the timeframe in the first place.++$++20
hey all - many thanks to everyone here for their stories - the atmosphere of mutual encouragement is really remarkable. i'm 33 years old and have been a compulsive wanker since puberty hit and i figured out how all the machinery worked. actual porn use had been very limited but use of other titillating material - celebrity photos, random television shows, music videos, whatever works - was a constant. i thankfully haven't really had to deal with escalation - my tastes certainly lead towards the soft-core end of the spectrum so the habit wasn't as soul-crushing as it might have been. regardless, i was spending way too much time searching for the right video and/or compulsively saving photos. i easily lost hours doing this on most days. i've had ed issues for a while - though i had never thought to blame the habit. honestly, i think i'm dealing with a mix of performance anxiety and pied. i'm hoping the next time i'm intimate with someone everything will work out :)so i'm 7 weeks in nofap and pornfree - my longest ever streak as far as i can remember. i'm feeling great: i have more time on my hands, i don't reek of shame like i'm sure i used to and i've even been casually dating with more success than usual. last night as i was getting some work done, i felt that old urge. i allowed myself to browse the first page of a couple image boards i used to frequent - i didn't spend an inordinate amount of time ogling, just kind of scanned through - but i definitely felt like i was playing with fire. i feel like i'm playing with the line of what constitutes engaging with porn. i don't have any conclusions aside from the fact that i've signed in today to say that i absolutely want to refrain from checking out those image boards ever again. too close. thanks++$++33
hey guys.      i honestly just found this subreddit (only because of /r/totallystraight lol) and i've read a few posts here and there. i am 20 years old, gay (for the most part) and proudly out of the closet for the past 5-6 years, however, i've always been attracted to men ever since i was a child. i mainly wanted to share my personal experiences and thoughts about homosexuality/bisexuality as a young man growing up in one of the friendliest lgbt cities in the world.      i came out to my parents and older sister throughout 2007-2009. my sister was totally okay with it since she already had gay friends, she was more worried about what my parents would think. i told my mom and dad a year after telling my sister since i was starting high school and really did not want to hide myself any longer. my relationship with my parents was a bit rocky for a few years after that but both of them now accept it.     i came out to my friends way before i even told my family (so when i was like 13) and surprisingly, they didn't care and still don't. over the years i gained a sense of who i was and rolled with it. i made a bunch of friends, finished high school and now i'm in my third year of university. now, this isn't about me gloating at how well i came out and how everything is all a fairy-tale (ha!) but rather my experiences with my friends.      once i graduated from high school, a lot of things changed: my friends started to be more open about their sexuality- both guys and girls. i guess we could contribute all of this to "experimenting in college" but some of my friends actually liked experimenting with the same sex and stuck with it. a few of my girl friends are currently dating girls even though they dated guys previously and they seem to love it. all in all, i think women experimenting with each other is a bit more fluid than men doing the same. and if any of you were wondering, yes i have made out with a lot of my girlfriends too but i never fool around with them (just not my thing).      the experiences i have had with "straight" guys has been interesting to say the least. i made out with a guy who is in a relationship with a girl multiple times and he seemed to like it a lot when he told me a while later. his girlfriend did not mind one bit and joked around with me to "not steal my boyfriend away". i fooled around with a super close guy friend of mine and a few months ago we ended up cuddling each other until we fell asleep. it was pretty chill since we smoked bowls and watched back-to-back bojack horseman episodes before that. however, i know he still likes women 100% and i could care less about that since i believe bisexuality/curiousity should be explored and not treated like a taboo.      a lot of our friends know we fooled around with each other but they don't care either. if anything my guy friends are feeling me up, slapping my ass or generally touching me in some form and i'm pretty sure this is just their way of displaying their affection with me. i would be lying if i said i didn't like the attention but i don't read into it other than the general attitude of my generation towards homosexuality/bisexuality is changing. i've been openly gay for many years and the people i have met (and still meet) have zero issue with anything of that sort. i know it'll still be a couple of years until the general perspective on homosexuality and bisexuality for men will be accepted but i just wanted to let people know that it *is* getting better.      thanks for taking the time out of your day to read this. if you have any questions or if this is posted in the wrong sub, let me know.++$++20
hey there gentlemen,my name is andy and i am 26 years old, 6'4, 220 pounds, hairy, blonde hair, blue eyes with soft dick sucking lips, a nice fuzzy plump bottom and a tight, virgin, pink asshole! i'm looking for a man who would enjoy a roleplay with me of your choosing:(1) rape scenario (2) dom/sub/verbal abuse (3) pissing/face fucking (4) father/son (5) teacher/student the only limit is your imagination or we could combine all the ideas together! please be able to form a sentence in your e-mails and be articulate in your wants and descriptions of what you want and who you are.i would prefer a roleplay, but in no means are you limited to this!++$++26
i'm 22 years old and have been playing guitar and writing songs for the last decade or so. i have a reasonably broad musical taste but it doesn't venture into metal or the majority of electronic music. essentials are a drummer, bassist and a vocalist who can preferably play guitar or piano, too. additional precession, maybe synth, another guitarist or pianist, horns, strings would all be welcome. also, i'd like everyone to feel that they can contribute songs if they write. if it interests you, my influences include the big ones like pink floyd, the beatles, rolling stones, david bowie etc. but more recently artists like arcade fire, why?, modest mouse.if you're up for giving this a go then please message me! oli++$++22
what makes a "real man"? is it someone that is 6'4, really good looking, rich, super fit, have an exciting life, is not shy? no. a real man is someone that you believe to be. we all know that our beliefs determine a lot of our behaviors and thoughts which turns into results. if you believe you aren't worth much then guess what? your actions will become what you believe. we as a whole group of men are so desperate in finding that "one thing" that will magically make us more "manly" and you know what i am talking about; the idea of beta or alpha in which if you're alpha then you are god but if you are beta then you are a worthless nobody. the problem with this is that it gives us an "idea" of what a true man is and sometimes it can become depressing if you do not fit the standards of what a "real alpha male" is. lets see, i am 19 years old going to college, have goals in life, becoming fit, not the best socially but way better than before, 5'9, pretty good looking and have some money (meaning i am not poor nor rich). oh, and i only had sex once with this one girl. now if i look at my life i can complain that i am beta because i do not fit the standards but if i was to do that then i would keep jacking off to porn because i would consider myself a loser...no. i am just a kid who is trying to make it in life, i was blessed with things but also cursed with things, i fuck up, i sometimes get shy around woman and people, i am not the best anything yet but there is always improvement. the point is that if you believe that if you do not fit the standards of your beliefs systems then you will live a miserable angry life, because to be honest, you right now as a man (or woman) are just that...man and woman, not beta or alpha but man and woman. this is how i view things because if not then well i am a beta so i should just give up.++$++19
i am 29 years old and graduating university in a couple weeks. a couple friends of mine have decided to leave small town south dakota and headed to portland oregon to work in forestry. we decided that leaving soon after graduation is important so we don't lose motivation and further struggle to save money. i currently have just enough money saved (about $2,000) to pack up my car and drive out there and find a place to live. my landlord has been vague on what it will take to get out of my lease four months early and i am about ready to say screw it and just pack and leave.++$++29
my psychologist tested and diagnosed me about three months ago. adhd was something i never thought i had but when i was diagnosed after a lengthy process everything just fit together. after my diagnosis some other people in my family were diagnosed too. apparently it runs on my mom's side of the family.i haven't been able to get any medication, or help other than my psychologist's. my psychiatrist, who i used to see for anxiety and depression related issues, cancelled our appointment for the third time so i dropped her. my mom and i have been searching everywhere for a psychiatrist that can help me to no avail. nobody believes that i have adhd because i'm 19 and wasn't diagnosed as a child. they say this without even seeing me. and i don't want to pay a fortune just to see a doctor that will then say "you're too old to have adhd" even though *i've already been diagnosed*.i'm at my wits' end. i'm so freaking tired and i'm starting to have suicidal thoughts again. i've flunked many classes and had to drop others. i can't read long texts, i can't hold a normal conversation, i can't study, i can't clean, i can't work. this shitty three-paragraph post took me over an hour to write because i keep getting distracted. i'm going fucking crazy and then they have the gall to tell me what i have isn't real because i'm 19 years old?!?!?! tl;dr: i'm too old to have adhd according to doctors++$++19
i am 19 years old and planning on going into the army national guard i want to get 15t or 15u with the hope of being a flight crew chief or a fligh engineer. i scored a 82 on the asvab and all my scores were like in the 130s (expect i think one) so i don't think getting the mos would be the problem but i am pretty sure that i'm red/green deficient from some online test i have token and im afraid that might hurt my chances of being a crew chief which is like my main goal of doing helicopter repair. can someone please help?++$++19
hey everyone,i don't know what kinda person i am or if i am fucked up in the head or not, but when people post either a video interview about a woman speaking out against the porn industry or some article about how women are abused in the porn industry, it is a huge trigger for me.i'm not saying i hate these porn stars, but for the love of god, please stop feeling sorry for these women. they are the ones who have spread their legs for money. they are the ones who have given all those slutty faces on camera. they are the ones moving the porn industry forward.you might say "o she has quit the business now". yea, true. but the damage is already done!!! the videos were already made.  just please stop posting this kinda stuff. its a huge trigger for me. the thought of a girl submitting to something she doesn't really wanna do actually turns me on in a way. i just saw someone post a video interview with a pornstar on here. i didn't click on the video because i know for a fact i would be turned on as hell and wanna fap. my heart is literally beating out of my chest right now just from the thought of watching an interview with an ex-porn star. fucking stop with these sob stories you guys. they are a huge trigger for some people.for the love of god, don't post that stuff on here. maybe after not watching porn of masturbating for a couple years i will be strong enough to watch that kinda stuff.also, i bet a bunch of you will yell at me and downvote this post to hell, but i don't care. this is a serious trigger for me and i'm guessing for other people as well. stop it.++$++24
let me start off by saying this is a throwaway as i am very discrete about being a dl. also, i am solely a dl, not an ab. last thing, i am sorry it was so long. tl;dr at endi am 19 years old and pretty much never stopped wetting the bed. i had a few times where i stopped for a few months, a year, but i always started wetting the bed again eventually. i think i started liking diapers as a way to cope with wearing them in the first place. it was when i was about 6 that i decided they were comfortable and the warmth was amazing.i worked at a fast food restaurant for a year and a half after high school and became an assistant manager after about a year. my former boss, who was the one who promoted me, got transferred by our franchise just days after my promotion; this left me with no training. the assistant managers, there were four of us, were left in charge of the store for about 2 months. the guy who reported to the owners would drop in occasionally to make sure everything was okay. we often asked who our new manager was going to be, but he was always vague. we had our suspicions it was this guy, and we'll call him frank. frank was reported multiple times for following girls into the walk-ins where there were no cameras or other employees. due to corporate selling our region to the franchise the investigation was dropped.i **fucking hate** molesters and rapists.sure enough, frank became our new manager. because there was no substantial evidence that came of the brief investigation and therefore i had no proof that he was or was not a molester or rapist i reluctantly gave him the benefit of the doubt. i really tried to be nice to this guy but he hated me from the second he laid eyes on me. frank is a short mexican who believes he is the savior of (restaurant). he is also racist against whites and only hires females save for the token males to cover his ass if he is accused of discrimination . he was telling me i sucked at my job for the 100th time, saying i was garbage and should never have been hired as a crew member, and i just clocked out and left without saying a word to him. there was only so much verbal abuse i could take.i have been out of a job for ~2 weeks now, actively looking, but my bed wetting has returned, likely due to the stress. i am running out of cash, which i have used solely on gas, phone, and some new clothes for interviews and job hunting. i also just bought some diapers, due to necessity; waking up in a wet is going to be nice though. however, i am 6'2" and have a wide-shouldered frame making me a large person. i wet *heavily* and diapers are expensive.that's pretty much it i guess; like i said, i wasn't sure were this was going to end, and i'd like to hear back from you.tl;dr: bed wetter quits job because boss is a douche. needs diapers but their expensive. let me know what you think.++$++19
hi, i'm gus, i'm 19 years old and this summer i started working out. half of this thread is an introduction since i'm hoping to show my face here more than once in the coming months, but if that sort of thing doesn't interest you, you can skip ahead to the questions. :)though i've always been scrawny (68kg, 188cm with not much upper body muscle to speak of), i've done a lot of sports. or at least more so than the average person. i liked doing sports. i just never really considered stuff like lifting weights.anyway, people change, they go through puberty (some later than others), and stuff like looking muscular starts to interest them. for girls, confidence, whatever. so i did some (read: much) research and started working out and eating healthier for about two months. i went from being able to do 3 pushups to 20, from 0 pullups to 2 pullups/3 chinups, and i looked more muscular too (though still nothing to write home about). i didn't know whether those were good gains or not, but it certainly felt good.then i started a new study at the university and i had to put the weight training on hold due to a busy schedule. after two months (three weeks ago) i decided it was time to start again. stupid as i was i began straight were i left off (a rather basic push/pull/leg home workout with dumbbells and a pullup bar). i was surprised to find out i could still do 2 chinups, but effects afterwards didn't make me so optimistic... two days after the pull day i could not straighten my arms. my left arm couldn't go further than 90 degrees and my right arm not further than 135 degrees. three days after pull day my left arm started to swell up like crazy. i was afraid it was rhabdo but my pee looked fine and other than my arms hurting a tad i had no symptoms. it took more than a week before my arms felt normal again and after two weeks i decided to carefully started working out again, this time taking it much easier.i couldn't do a single pullup. even negatives i could barely do like 3x5. curls, same story. the push day went better but even there i noticed i lost strength after the injury. it didn't feel right so i stopped in time and luckily the next days i could still straighten my arms.i knew i needed to change my routine so i did research again, and eventually stumbled upon calisthenics, in particular the book convict conditioning. the idea of bodyweight training had always appealed to me because i only had a set of dumbbells with a few plates at home and i knew that eventually i was going to outgrow them. besides, my goals had already changed from looking strong to feeling and being strong. the more i read about calisthenics, the more it started to interest me, and i knew it'd be good for my injured arms as well (though they feel fine during every day tasks, obviously i damaged considering how much strength i lost), because of how you can progress through different exercises, and how the progression is a little slower and more evenly distributed.but even more so, the whole idea of feeling strong and being in control of your body and movement interests me. i've stopped caring about how i look, or at least it isn't my primary motivation anymore. things like being able to do a handstand pushup... or even a handstand at all. it just looks so mesmerizing and i can only imagine how the people that do those things must feel. strong. agile. in control.in any case, so far my introduction i suppose! i have a couple of questions. i read the faq and used the search function, and i really hope i won't make myself look like a fool when it turns out the questions have already been answered (i suppose all questions anyone could possibly ask have been answered at some point by now...), so apologies in advance.1. i have a pullup bar, or rather, an iron bar that rests on top of two wooden support beams. it stops rolling when you pull it down due to friction so that's fine, but there isn't much room between the bar and the ceiling. i can get my chin up to the bar but i can't fit my whole head between the bar and the ceiling. is that a problem?2. with the aforementioned injury, is there any way i should alter the beginner routine of this reddit? i know i don't have the requirements to start the pullup progression and dip progression, which is probably for the best, but with the other progressions, should i just start with what i'm able to do or should i do less than i'm able to? doing what felt like i was able to do caused the injury in the first place even though i didn't notice it during the workout and only two days after, and i'm not sure if it's a good idea to stress my arms too much.3. a bit of a mundane question: in the beginner routine warmup it says 5-10 front and side leg swings. is that 5-10 per leg and 5-10 per front and side, so 10-20 per leg in total?4. i can plank and side plank for longer than a minute. should i add a weighted plate or isn't that necessary? i know it's not supposed to be a progression but i'm just wondering.5. regards the progression, when i'm able to do more than 3 sets of 8 reps on a certain exercise and i move on to the net progression, will i really be able to complete 3 sets of 5 reps? seems like a big step up.6. i don't have an elastic band or whatever you call it, which i need for band dislocates according to the beginner routine. any substitute or should i just go buy one? thanks for reading and thanks in advance for answering!++$++19
hey, guys, i'm new here. i just wanted to tell you about my troubles, because i don't have a therapist and need to get some things off my chest. my name is kyle, i'm 20 years old, and i've been contemplating suicide since i was 16. early on in my life, i had big ambitions for myself. i wanted to be a writer ever since i was 9 or 10 years old. i used to write short stories on my terrible old pc and would dabble in the occasional poem. this will come back into my story later on, i promise, i just need to give some back story first. when i was 14 years old and a freshman in high school i only had one friend. during middle school i had a close group of guys i used to hang out with but they were all more intelligent than me and put into the more advanced classes one high school came around. my only friend was a really nice guy named alan, but he left after about 7 months to transfer to the technical high school and left me by myself (i don't blame him, my town's public high school was absolutely terrible). i was always a quiet kid, but after that it escalated. i kept to myself, and would make an effort to hide away from the other kids in the library or by taking the seat tucked far away into the corner from my peers. sophomore year was the absolute worst year of my life. i had a crush on a beautiful short-haired girl i saw walking around the halls and did the stupid thing of telling a kid who sat at my table in my chemistry class (i did this because i knew he was friends with her, and i was dumb enough to think that i had any kind of chance). i asked him to tell her a little bit about me, and he offered to let me sit at his table in lunch because she sat with him. i was over-joyed at this until i realized it was essentially just a ruse to mock me behind my back when i wasn't looking. in fact, the first thing that she did when she sat down at the table was to turn to her friend and say, "what is that ugly kid sitting with us?" her friend just shrugged his shoulders in frustration. i had never felt that terrible in my entire life, and this wouldn't be the last time my ugliness would hinder all aspects of my existence. of course i stupidly developed a crush on another girl and even attempted to talk to her. we had short conversations back and forth since she sat next to me, but that ended when she sat down one day and i heard her whisper, "you're so fucking ugly." that was it for attempting to find a girlfriend, but the ridicule of my face wouldn't end there. it would continue through the remaining two years of high school, and it always crushed me even when i lied to myself and said i didn't care or that it didn't matter. sophomore year is when i was checked into an out-patient program after a botched suicide attempt involving a piece of rope and my chimney. you guessed it---i was ridiculed there as well by the people that i should have had most in common with. i told myself that i would never exhibit any other signs of depression to my parents to make sure that i wouldn't be put into the hospital again. after i graduated high school (i didn't attend my graduation ceremony because of a fear of walking across the stage and not having any kind of claps or hooting going my way) i decided to skip college and go into the work force. my biggest dreams during high school were to get out of my small town and go to the big city, or at least any place far away from where i grew up. that didn't work out because i knew that college isn't a good place for ugly people like myself. i would be far away from home without any friends, and society wouldn't allow me to take part in the things that define a typical college experience (sex, friends, love, etc). i worked at a few different places and always quit after a few months and sometimes a few weeks. i'm currently employed at a movie theater, and it's a terrible place for people like me. the hopelessness i feel whenever i see an impossibly attractive couple walk through the doors is worse now than it ever was in high school. they're the walking epitome of what i can never have and can never be. they're the type of people who never have to look behind their back when they enter a store because they're afraid people are mocking them. they have it all and they have no idea what it's like for the people like me. i'm sure they don't even care. i spend the majority of my day either in bed or smoking cigarettes, worrying about my life. i avoid all mirrors, even the back of my ipod, which is more of a friend to me than any human being has been in the last 12 years. it's sad, because i could have been something better if i was just born with a tad more symmetrical face. if you're still reading so far, thanks. i want to get back the writing thing for just a little bit. like i said, i had dreams of being some kind of writer. that dream was smashed in two instances which i'll talk about now. i'll start with the least prominent one. in my senior years, we had to write a gothic-style short story in the same style of frankenstein, which we were reading at the time. i was so excited. this was my wheelhouse. i spent all week ignoring other schoolwork to focus on this one short story. i had it in my head that my peers would like and it and maybe have a different idea of who i was. i didn't talk at all, so they all had different ideas. i go to the front of my class and start to nervously read the story. i thought it was an ok story, but obviously someone didn't. when i got to a certain pretentious word i used (hey, i was a teenager) i heard a loud snicker come from the back of the room from an obnoxious girl who would use any opportunity to mock me behind my back with her friends. the only thing that i knew i was ok at was my writing ability, and that crushed it. i haven't written anything since. the second reason is the one that has been haunting my since it happened, and i didn't even have to say anything to make it happen. there was this girl name julia a year above me. she was tall, blonde, and attractive. she was also wickedly smart. i had heard that she was going to dartmouth when i was in my junior year, and that she was had won a bunch of award for creative writing. good for her, i thought. until i made the mistake of shyly smiling at her in the hall when we accidentally made eye-contact. she didn't smile back--she sneered at me in a condescending way as if she was judging me. i'm sure she thought she was in the right. she was the tall attractive smart girl who thought it was perfectly fine for her to mock the ugly and stupid kid who made an attempt to be nice to her by innocently smiling. what's the point of doing anything in life after that? the good-looking people excel far more than the ugly people. she's everything that i wanted to be, and she felt it was ok to make me feel even lower than i was already was. she couldn't just be contempt with knowing she was leagues ahead of me in terms of everything, she had to show it through that mocking smirk. i'm sure she forgot about this exchange the second it happened, but i've been carrying it around for almost four years now. any book she writes will be better than mine. i have vain dreams of telling her off in the worst way possible. in way that will make her hurt emotionally the way that she hurt me but i know that they will never happen. she will experience all kind of love in her life, and i'll be stuck in the same town i grew up in, in a studio apartment at 40 years old all by myself. i just want to get to a period of my life where i except this fact, but i certainly haven't gotten there yet. i know i'll have to. thanks for reading.++$++20
first of, sorry for anything already wrong with the title, i've never posted here before. i was just referred to here from somewhere else.###the first part is for children (under 13). need ~~at least three~~ **one more** and i will need the age of your child should you provide answers for this part.**a.** where does the sun go at night?**b.** could you become a boy (or girl) if you want to?**c.** what are clouds made of?**d.** how old do you think i, [blazer1001] (http://i.imgur.com/hcaxsg0.jpg), am?**e.** where do dreams come from?**f.** does your brother (sister) have any brothers (sisters)?**g.** if you pour 8 oz. of milk in a little glass, and i pour 8 oz. of milk into a tall glass, who has more milk?**h.** were your parents ever little?**i.** what makes the leaves fall of the trees?**j.** billy got mad while eating. he threw one glass on the floor and broke it. john was helping his mom clean cupboards. he accidentally tripped and broke six glasses he was carrying. who is more naughty-billy or john?###this part is for adults (25 and older). need ~~at least four people, each from a different decade (30s, 40s, 50s, etc...)~~ **two more, 50 and 60 preferably**, will need your age here also.**a.** when do you feel like you "felt" like an adult?**b.** what do you like to do in your spare time?**c.** what age of development do you think was the most difficult so far?**d.** what is you opinion (in general) about teenagers?**e.** if money were no option, what is one thing you would love to do?**f.** what has surprised you about your life as an adult?**g.** what challenges do you foresee for today's teenagers?**h.** if you could go back in time, what advice would you give your teenage self?**i.** how has your concept of "what is old" changed throughout your life?**j.** what do you think keeps people young?thank you in advance for any responses. i would like to say that this has been sanctioned by my teacher so i'm not using reddit as a cheap way of doing this. also, in case you were wondering, i am 16 years old.++$++16
i'm 19 years old. my goal is the 90 days pmo free. i'm healthy and love to workout out, i am looking for a partner that can message me daily and keep me on track. my preferred way to contact is through this site no fab.++$++19
i'm 22 years old, alcoholic and polysubstance abuser since i was 15. i'm certainly not functioning anymore, i've been locked up in my room the past couple months, super depressed, just using drugs and drinking. my body is so weak and sick, i don't have the energy to get a job or keep it up. i'd like to go to rehab but i'm nervous. any stories or tips?++$++22
i keep seeing people taking about some untether package that the taig jailbreak doesn't have but the pangu jailbreak had. what does all of that mean?++$++20
hello , i'm looking for people who mostly like to pvp. i'm 21 years old and i'm from croatia. my english is pretty good. using teamspeak or any other way to communicate is mandatory.my steam is: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068798587++$++21
at the opera house in feb. looks like the best seats are gone, but plenty of general admission.http://www.sydneyoperahouse.com/priority/tim_minchin_presale.aspx++$++37
i've been having sciatica for four years. i went to physical therapy for one year during my second year and it did help a bit. recently i've been in a lot of pain due to standing because of my retail job. my mri result came in and i have a 8mm disk bulge. mornings are the worst, i've been doing stretches everyday and it helps go through the day till i end work and go home.. i have trouble sleeping sometimes.. i'm taking naproxen and gabapentin also.should i go ahead with epidural steroid injection? what are the pros and cons with going through it? i'm 22 years old.. which is pretty young i keep hearing. should i start physical therapy again? or go see a chiropractor?++$++22
just some quick details, i'm 16 years old, about 155-160lb bodyweight give or take depending on the day, 5'8" or maybe a tiny bit taller. i'm currently doing a slightly modified texas method (no cleans, bench every mon fri, ohp every wed), i finally missed my 5x5 bench press at 195lb, and i was too tired after my 5x5 squat at 270lb to feel comfortable deadlifting my heavy 1x5 so i just did a bunch of volume (135 2x10, 185 2x10, 225 2x10, then back down). as for my bench press, should i just deload my 5x5 weight and move back up? possibly eat a bit more and add another accessory in addition to my ohp? and as for the deadlift, should i change the deadlift to wednesday when i'm squatting light? sorry for all of the questions, this is just the first time i've hit a plateau with the texas method and i'm not sure how i should go about dealing with it.++$++16
finally got my build to a point where im fairly happy, but now i want to go further, better performance, water cooling. over clocking, and maybe even crossfiring my r9 270x.this is my build currently http://pcpartpicker.com/p/wvd8xlmy question is what should i do to it next? im looking into over clocking, so i've been considering getting a water cooler for my fx-6300. im mainly looking for performance increases in games like arma 2 and 3, as well as microsoft's flight simulator x, and x-plane 10.so /r/buildapc what should i do next??++$++18
should i always wait to sell my players on friday to get the most coins for them? why/why not++$++20
about a week ago, (last tuesday) i called a local dealership to get information about trading in our jeep and getting into a truck. gmc had a deal where if you get a sierra, you get back 20% msrp and we were going to use that towards what we are upside down on. the deal ended today. my husband was at work and with his permission, i called the dealership and gave them our information, (ss#, address, income,) pretty much everything that goes on a credit app. they didn't fax over anything to sign and we weren't there to sign anything either like other dealerships do. my husband checked his credit karma app and they ran his credit, and his score went down 12 points. we've been calling them and they keep saying that they're busy. the deal ended today, we're not interested in buying a truck without the 20% back so we were just going to stop calling and leave it alone since we felt like they forgot about us but then he sees that they ran his credit. legally, can we sue for this? and win? or would it just be a waste of time. we're not thinking about doing it, just curious.++$++20
about a week ago, (last tuesday) i called a local dealership to get information about trading in our jeep and getting into a truck. gmc had a deal where if you get a sierra, you get back 20% msrp and we were going to use that towards what we are upside down on. the deal ended today. my husband was at work and with his permission, i called the dealership and gave them our information, (ss#, address, income,) pretty much everything that goes on a credit app. they didn't fax over anything to sign and we weren't there to sign anything either like other dealerships do. my husband checked his credit karma app and they ran his credit, and his score went down 12 points. we've been calling them and they keep saying that they're busy. the deal ended today, we're not interested in buying a truck without the 20% back so we were just going to stop calling and leave it alone since we felt like they forgot about us but then he sees that they ran his credit. legally, can we sue for this? and win? or would it just be a waste of time. we're not thinking about doing it, just curious. i am in texas.++$++20
so, aside from the many benefits that nofap brings us, has anyone had any results with their hair? i'm interested to hear anecdotal evidence of this. i'm 23 years old, and i've found that my hairline has receded slightly, and the top of my head has some diffuse thinning going on. while i know that family members on my mother's side have mpb (uncle &amp; grandfather), i'm wondering what it might be that could stimulate the production of 5-alpha reductase to convert testosterone into dht.it seems, from a logical standpoint, that excessive masturbation would in fact cause hair recession and thinning.  argument:1. hair thinning/loss/recession is caused by a buildup of dht in hair follicles for those susceptible to mpb.2. testosterone is converted into dht when it interacts with 5-alpha reductase.3. 5-alpha reductase is produced from the testis and seminal vesicles.4. masturbation induces spikes in testosterone, production of 5-alpha reductase, and depletes zinc which inhibits 5-ar from the testis and seminal vesicles because these organs must replace their contents after ejaculation, which is then converted into dht.5. excessive masturbation (2-3 times/day) induces spikes in testosterone, production of 5-alpha reductase, and depletes zinc which inhibits 5-ar from the testis and seminal vesicles because these organs must replace their contents after ejaculation, which is then converted into excess dht.6. therefore, excessive masturbation (2-3 times/day) causes hair loss/thinning/recession for those susceptable to mpb, because it produces excess dht.does this seem to hold? i know it's a valid argument, but whether or not it is sound is a different matter.  does anyone have anecdotal evidence of their success/failure of hair in regards to abstinence from masturbation?++$++23
i feel like pulling my freaking hair out. it's all the stress of my entire life culminated into some black ball of bullshit in my stomach. i'm 20 years old, i've been homeless 4 times in my life, two of them being this year alone. i've only had 3 jobs, none lasted longer than 6 months. i have an emotionally crippled mother who wants to guilt trip me at any possible moment, i honestly can't remember a moment in my life where i was happy and something bad didn't immediately follow it. tomorrow i'm leaving the city i've lived in for the past 2 years, going to a town i know nothing of, far away from anyone i know even in the slightest, and behind me i'm leaving my mom (who is also homeless at the moment.) the only job i can call "successful", and whatever few friends i may actually have (really starting to think that number is a fat 0) all in an effort to hopefully not live on the streets next year, and maybe just maybe complete my goal of living a life with even the slightest bit of comfort and lack of worry. by all accounts i should be excited, happy that things are progressing, but i'm not.instead my brain has decided to come up with any possible thought that could stomp my spirits into a fine paste. oh, been getting along with a girl at work? well you should totally develop feelings for her despite the fact that you are leaving in less than 20 hours. signing up for a program that should help you get more job experience and necessary things to live a normal life? well i wonder what would happen if you messed up and got kicked out and left jobless, homeless, with the record of having quit your job after 2 months. feeling even the slightest bit good about yourself? well we can't have that, let's nitpick at every goddamn physical or mental or historical flaw you possess you fat bastard virgin. oh and lets not forget how you're abandoning your mom here to fend for herself despite her proven lack of caution when it comes to trusting drug addicts and bums. i'm just sick of this shit. i've gotten myself by for the past 2-3 months by working, trying to have fun, forgetting what/who i am for 3-12 hours at a time. now what do i do? i'm officially unemployed as of 2:30pm est and all i can find myself doing is going back to my old job, ordering a pizza and sitting on my computer while i occasionally chat with my former coworkers and do my best to not be at the homeless shelter for my last night in this city. i know it's probably "normal" to feel this way, and logically that should make me feel better but it just doesn't. i wish i could magically pull enough money to get a nice apartment here just right out of my ass, ask out my coworker and live happily ever after like some stupid ass movie. but i can't, i have to go to another town for 6 months to a year, try not to go crazy as i'm surrounded by similar failures ranging from 16-24 and many of whom will likely be the kind of idiots that i have to try very hard not to punch. maybe i can find some escape in writing the letters said coworker asked me to write her, maybe i can get on my laptop more often without having to search high and low for wifi around a city, maybe my "plan" will work out all fine and dandy and in a years time i'll have a nice little apartment, a job and maybe even a girlfriend (god knows i could use someone to relax around.) but none of that is guaranteed, just like every damn thing in this stupid ass world. i could find myself going back into the perpetually angry kid that i was for the first 14 years of my life, beating the shit out of someone and getting kicked out of this program. or maybe i'll complete the program, but something in my past, or some health problem (fucking terrified of the prospect of being told something's wrong with me.) will keep me stuck in minimum wage jobs working in a fake happiness until i decide to bite a bullet.i'm stressed, i'm depressed, i'm angry, i'm annoyed, all directed inward at my own stupid ass emotions and thoughts. every time i turn around i see people getting shit handed to them so easily, natural charm, rich parents, confidence i only wish i could have. yet here i am, an introverted broke prick who hates himself more than any person could ever hate another person. i wish i could talk to someone about this and be reassured at the end. but i can't, if i talk to my mom it'll just descend into a lecture about how hard *her* life is and how i'm such an ingrate for not being happy with my life. my brother's only advice for this stuff is "scratch and claw like a motherfucker." which doesn't help because i've been doing that for most of my life and look where it's gotten me. i like many kids missing a parent have some fantastical notion that my long gone dad would have some magical cure all word that would set me at ease, but in reality he was probably just as fucked up as the rest of my family.++$++20
http://imgur.com/a/gqbsdi'm 17 years old living in england and i've had this ridiculous thick hair most of my life. i've never been to a hairdressers as my parents never really started saying i should as i was growing up, so my mum just cuts it shorter or thinner at my bad decision. at the moment it's probably looking the best compared to when i was: combing it dry making it all fluffy, letting it grow out way too long, or growing a long fringe which i don't even want to think about. ([here's an example of the first two together](http://imgur.com/iixizgt))for routine, i wash my hair in the evenings every two days with shampoo and conditioner, and rinse it with water and towel it every morning. i don't remember where i got that routine from, but it's what i've been doing for a while now.now, as for what i want to do with it, i'm not entirely sure. i think that i really just want the same thing just *done better* ([ex.1](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrukl7xfbv1qfnq1do1_500.jpg)) ([ex.2](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/af/6f/d0/af6fd0dd9ea9973388c6029df6916437.jpg)) something that is more fitting and is less like a "hair helmet" (eg: not like [this](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5w2gizwuw1r4rma8o1_500.jpg) or [this](http://data2.whicdn.com/images/21533200/large.jpg)) can anyone tell me how to go about achieving something like this? and would it even work with my thick hair?alternatively, i've always liked the look of the short sides and back ([ex.3](http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/d4/e8/e4/d4e8e4f445036651d84e32971881d26c.jpg)) but have been unsure if i have the right face shape or outgoingness to go for it. i don't know, i'll think about it when i get to that models age.thanks for your help!++$++17
hi, r/singapore.as the title states, i'm 21 years old, and have just gotten the news that my family is disowning me. as a student with no part-time job, i've just been kicked into the financial shithole. the only things of value that i bring to the real world are:- a business diploma.- savings of up to ~$1k.jobs-wise, i'm beginning to look for a full-time job. am also considering taking up a second part-time job if i cannot make ends meet. however, my living situation is quite bad. i'm not sure where to go, and i don't have friends that i can crash at for a short while. regarding schooling, i've just started university. given the expensiveness of the course, i doubt i'll be able to continue full-time studies in this state. most likely, i'll be dropping out. am planning to take a deferment and continue studying part-time when i land on my feet.bank and insurance-wise, all my bank information and insurance is tied up with my family. as of right now, i'm not too sure if i'll be able to access the information. i'm currently in shock right now, and i realise my plan is extremely hazy and in need of a ton of work.any and all tips that will help me in surviving the real world in such short notice will be a great help. thanks guys.edit:first of all, thank you r/singapore. thank you for your compassion and helpfulness. reading your comments have helped me to sort out my thoughts. i've calmed down a lot from when i was still panicking and crying. i've received an update from my family that they are willing to pay for my full education, and that they will allow me to stay at home for the time being. (in truth, i will most likely pay them back once i have a steady source of income. they didn't ask me to, but it's become a point of pride with me now.)i'm not too sure if the accommodation situation will change, so i will be getting myself a job and subsequently, a place to stay at - just in case. at this point, i feel that maintaining financial independence would be the best even if reconciliation is successful. on the matter of reconciliation, i'm not sure if it will happen. time will tell on that matter. thank you again, guys.++$++21
i am 16 years old and have a fake id. i use it mostly for beer runs. my parents have never directily confronted me about it, but my father asked if i was out buying beer jokingly. i told him i coulden't even buy beer if i tried. he then asked if i have a fake id. i told him no. the next day, he glanced in my wallet and asked if he can see my id to see how my dmv pic came out. my real one was in the billfold at the time so i was in the clear. lastly, i have a shitty backpack where i hide my beers. i closed the zipper, but it was open after i got back from work. it felt a few beers light too.so, do you think my parents know and aren't confronting me?update: another beer is missing from my fridge. wonder why they would keep quiet like that. maybe they are giving a hint.++$++16
i can't make sense of myself at the moment, i'm 20 years old and i shouldn't be so depressed. i live a perfectly okay life, i'm a student and aside from money troubles you could say i have an okay life. however, all i want to do is sit on my own, 'cause i feel that anyone i talk to really doesn't want me there at all. i feel as if my housemates just humour me and those i'm closest to just don't really want me around too much. i know for a fact i come across as arrogant, but those close to me know why and up until recently i'd assumed they understood, as i was always sure to not be a dick to them and they respected that. i am who i am through playing competitive sport my entire life; a couple of years ago i was pushing to try and play international, if it wasn't for a few hiccups i'd probably be there. so, i really can't understand why people would pick now to become distant from me? i don't feel like i've changed at all, if anything i thought i'd become a little nicer to those around me. it might just be me... i really don't feel like this post is going to help much, in fact it's the first time i've ever done anything like this and it feels pretty weird, i don't really like talking about my issues, but under a pseudonym nobody should be able to work out who i am anyway at least. to conclude, i'm a 20 year old grown man who's always at least acted confident, but for the past few months i've been feeling depressed and it's starting to affect my life. i can't sleep properly, i'm not eating as well and everyone around me seems to be slipping away. i know i'm not the only person in the world to feel like this, but it really doesn't help so much. i don't really expect any advice or help, i just thought i'd give online venting a try, guess we'll see if it helped at all soon enough...++$++20
i'm 22 years old and a uga grad student looking for someone to have some fun with. i'm a little chubby (not going to lie) at 5'1" and 150lbs. also white, have blonde hair, hazel eyes, and am std free plus very hygienic. the ideal guy is someone who is at least 21 but under 28, makes an attempt to care for his appearance (e.g. showers on a regular basis), and doesn't instantly start sending me messages like "ayy bby wan sum fck". i can probably host but would prefer somewhere else. ideally, we would meet up somewhere public first (stranger danger), have a drink or two, and then decide if we want to leave together. i can not guarantee that reciprocation is something, so i'd rather not agree to it in advance. if this sounds like something you're interested in, message me a bit about you.++$++22
hello, i am 18 years old and have been struggling with pmo since 14. i have always felt increasingly torn apart because i was striving to grow spiritually while continually seeking porn. i have kept it as a secret part of myself. i pretend it doesn't exist but the guilt is always looming around the corner. i have tried earnestly many times to quit but i always have failed. my failure always seemed to stem from self-justification (i.e. this will be the last time). i have felt helpless and have sometimes just accepted it as a part of my life. recently i have found the nofap community and the christians on nofapchristians and i feel that it is what i have been waiting for. i have been falling apart recently and my faith was no existent and i just prayed for some sign. the next time i went to look at porn a video by mark from the nofap academy popped up. there is no doubt that it was a miracle. i am excited to grow spiritually as i am turn away from my sin. thank you all.++$++18
salutations my friends,  i am 14 years old and have lurking on this sub for almost a year now. i've been doing research, reading up on guides, and honestly, i think i've seen more newegg/tek syndicate/austin evans videos than most kids my age. in the beginning i only signed up for reddit to browse /r/buildapc as well  /r/globaloffensive. over this past year, it has been my dream to build a pc; not only to have killer frame rates in my favorite video games, or render some of my frag-shows much much quicker, but to also gain a huge learning experience that i believe could possibly help me in the future. plus, i want to be able to know that the pc that's helping me fill out my college applications is the very pc i built with my own hands. it seems like such a satisfying feeling to say that you *built your own pc*.     alright, fast forward to about a week ago. my dad uses his *ancient* laptop from 2005 to make powerpoint presentations for his job as well as read the times of india and other news. again, all he does is browse the web and use microsoft office. both of my parents are looking to buy a new computer for him so he won't have to use his crappy laptop anymore that is basically               than a snail. i'm talking about 20 minute shut down times here people, and don't even get me started on when windows vista had to update. my parents are both scouring advertisements from best buy, walmart, and frys looking for a right laptop or desktop under $650.      when i suggested building a pc, my mom just simply had no faith in me at all. she told me things like theres no way you could assemble a full-on computer. or things like do you really expect me to trust you with $500 dollars in parts?! my mom is a software developer in languages like share point and java so she has a basic understanding of computer parts. the worst part i heard was you would mess up the ram. the *fucking ram* out of all the parts. when i tried explaining to her that the ram was literally the easiest thing to assemble, and that you literally just pop in two sticks into the motherboard, she had no comment and stayed silent. i just want to save my family some money and have fun while doing it, but the problem is, my parents dont trust me. if there is anything i could make my parents read or watch, that could possibly convince my parents to trust me in building a pc, which would also result in their son having a good learning experience as well as some more money in their pockets, that would be great!     my family is an upper middle class family, so as far as i know, we dont have any hardships financially. though i have considered selling two unlocked galaxy s4s (which are in great condition), an old ass windows xp desktop (which nobody uses lol), an old-school 4:3 dell monitor, and my dads current laptop (after i build the pc, which may or may not happen), on /r/hardwareswap to help finance the build.    my laptop isnt so bad, but i would like to break 60 fps on lowest settings in cs:go, which i currently cant do. i have a 3rd gen i3 mobile processor @ 1.9 ghz (cant remember the model sorry) and 6gb of ddr3 ram. obviously using integrated graphics since this isnt a gaming laptop. my plan is to build and use the following pc, and give my laptop to my dad (like i said, all he does is browse the web and use microsoft office, all of which this laptop does fine). ill most likely purchase a used graphics card such as an amd r9 270/280, or hd 7850/7870 off of /r/hardwareswap which should meet all my needs (like i said i only play cs:go, minecraft, and the occasional lol, as well as a lot of photoshop.)heres what ive managed to come up with: [pcpartpicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/phxwp6) / [price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/phxwp6/by_merchant/)type|item|price:----|:----|:----**cpu** | [intel core i5-4460 3.2ghz quad-core processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646i54460) | $169.98 @ superbiiz **motherboard** | [gigabyte ga-b85m-ds3h micro atx lga1150 motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-motherboard-gab85mds3h) | $45.99 @ newegg **memory** | [g.skill ripjaws series 8gb (2 x 4gb) ddr3-1600 memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gskill-memory-f312800cl9d8gbrl) | $54.99 @ newegg **storage** | [seagate barracuda 1tb 3.5" 7200rpm internal hard drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/seagate-internal-hard-drive-st1000dm003) | $49.49 @ outletpc **case** | [antec one atx mid tower case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/antec-case-one) | $24.99 @ ncix us **power supply** | [evga 500w 80+ bronze certified atx power supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-100b10500kr) | $32.99 @ ncix us **monitor** | [acer s220hqlabd 21.5" monitor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/acer-monitor-etws0hpa01) | $99.99 @ amazon **other**| used &lt;$150 graphics card from /r/hardwareswap|   | | **total** | prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available | $478.42 | generated by pcpartpicker 2014-12-01 22:25 est-0500 |nothing too fancy, not trying to toy with overclocking, it gets the job done. i know this build doesn't have an ssd for now, its not something i *must* have. however, it will definetly be an option down the road as a neat and dandy upgrade.  any feedback at all is highly appreciated, and i greatly hope that this can be something my family and i follow through on. without this community, my interest in building computers would have never sparked, and i truly have all of you to thank for this.  **edit: wow this blew up! thank you to everyone that is helping me right now, it truely means a lot. i know i can't reply to every comment because i am very busy with sports/homework, but rest assured i am reading all of them. i love this community.**++$++14
so, i was aiming for an all-round new rig, since i was stuck with my core2quad q8400, 3 gigs of ddr2 and gtx 560 ti (solid machine, though). decided to buy the parts and build one myself.not only i'm 16 years old, but i'm also in brazil, where a new pc would cost top dollar (or real, that is). so, i decided to buy some of the parts on the usa on a vacation and buy the rest here.i bought the mobo, ram, cpu cooler and gpu (and a new mouse. corsair m45. love it) and decided to get the cpu and case here. the parts are:- i5-4690k- gigabyte r9 290 windforce- 2x4 gb ddr3 corsair vengeance ram- msi z97 pc mate- nzxt phantom 410 white- kingston v300 120gb ssdwell, i built it with some friends (shoutout to /u/joshuazr). it was great fun. it posted on the first try! felt amazing. worked fine. was getting everything max settings @60fps even on demanding games (my monitor is only 1680x1050 though).then, one day, it reached 80 c on sleeping dogs. it was weird; the card maxed out would only reach 70 c, but i moved on. the next day, the pc was turning on, the fans on the card were turning, but no output signal. this was 4 days after i built it.damn, it felt bad. i had to go back do my gtx 560 ti (which i was going to give to my dad), and pretty much, amazon only gives you 30 days to return or refund and gigabyte doesn't want to replace my card here in brazil (yet, i am still pinning them down trying to get it). i have no ways of getting to the usa to use the warranty.so yeah, i ascended, but not with the gpu. talking to /r/amd i found out this is really common with gigabyte, so i don't recommend buying their cards.maybe one day i'll go to the usa again, i have 3 years of warranty. well, wish me luck, pcmr! praise gaben!++$++16
i'm 25 years old and a recent international business graduate (6 mo.) from a state school. i took a job in retail management out of school and it pays pretty well for a first job but this isn't my goal career industry.i would like to work in a corporate setting in banking/finance and i'm sending out applications for credit analyst positions this week. would this be a good job to shoot for? i've read a good foundation can be made by starting in this downside-focused type job with respect to risk analysis and other aspects. thank you for your help and i apologize if this is the wrong thread - i subscribe and thought a finance sub would be the best place to ask.++$++25
i recently broke up with my so and i've been having a lot of sexual frustration, and i'm looking for a girl who wants to have a good time as much as i do. also, if you are kinky, i think we would be great buddys... ;)i'm 18 years old, 6'1, green eyes, curly brown hair, and some mighty fine facial hair. if i'm your type, hit me up! i'm waiting ;d++$++18
hello all, i am new to this reddit but i thought id share my story. after reading around i feel like my situation means nothing compared to the hardships you all face. even still i need someway to unload all this. when i was 13 i got a stomach bug that lasted for 2 months straight. i couldn't eat, couldn't sleep, i did nothing but eat crackers and immediately throw them back up. how is this relevant? fast forward to now, i am 19 years old in college. ever since i had that stomach bug i have been terrified of throwing up. so much to the point i don't eat hardly anything. i have seen a doctor and they said i am clinically malnourished (kinda blame college food for that). i know this sounds like an eating disorder and probably is but its forced me into depression. i wake up everyday knowing that when and if i eat i will feel terrible for the rest of the day. it never gets better and it probably never will. its made me start to think about life, going through every single day feeling like this. the endless monotony of everyday life on top of feeling like shit nonstop. its made me...distant i guess. i don't like to go places, i ditch friends regularly. i prefer to stay in and either sleep or play video games (the only thing that makes me have a shred of happiness). i just don't care about my self being anymore. it all piles on top of each other. its hard to explain-though i'm sure most of you understand. my stomach issues are the pan and life is the layers of the cake. iv skipped days of class before because if i didn't stay in and play a game or watch a comedy show i am 100% certain i would have committed suicide. another thing that been getting to me is something called intrusive thoughts. i don't know if any of you have experienced them before but its a thought you can't get out of your head. often times for me its terrible stuff like killing someone else or killing myself. its just not me to do that, i let a few tears go when i hit a bird or animal on the road. these thoughts just make everything even worse. its all just a clusterfuck and i hate it! those days i feel perfectly fine are so nice and it all just gets taken away the next day for months at a time before i get another break. thats my story, short but certainly not sweet.++$++19
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* obama calls for police to wear body cameras as part of $263m reform package, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2nyqk1/obama_calls_for_police_to_wear_body_cameras_as/)**  * kim dotcom walks free after three days of hearings in auckland, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2nxgtv/kim_dotcom_walks_free_after_three_days_of/)**  * video of cleveland police shooting of tamir rice raises disturbing questions: editorial, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2nyaat/video_of_cleveland_police_shooting_of_tamir_rice/)**  * first boyfriend for susan boyle at age 53, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2ny9pi/first_boyfriend_for_susan_boyle_at_age_53/)**  * washington state patrol aircraft catches multiple police cars speeding a..., *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2nxpry/washington_state_patrol_aircraft_catches_multiple/)**  * at&amp;amp;ts good cop, bad cop routine with the fcc "... however, at&amp;amp;t is making a more ominous argument: if regulators don't craft industry-friendly net neutrality rules, at&amp;amp;t (and everyone else who's an isp) will have no choice but to hurt consumers by slowing down the pace of their network upgrades.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2nxwqt/atts_good_cop_bad_cop_routine_with_the_fcc/)**  * travis kelce from the kansas city chiefs lets everyone know what he thinks about the ref's call, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2nwsoc/travis_kelce_from_the_kansas_city_chiefs_lets/)**  * judge orders connecticut law tribune not to publish story, drawing fire from first amendment experts, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2nykoi/judge_orders_connecticut_law_tribune_not_to/)**  * feds want apples help to defeat encrypted phones, new legal case shows, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2nyyry/feds_want_apples_help_to_defeat_encrypted_phones/)**  * why are we angry at charlie jacobs? also, who is he?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ny3ev/why_are_we_angry_at_charlie_jacobs_also_who_is_he/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that no two cancers are the same., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2nyo2l/ysk_that_no_two_cancers_are_the_same/)**  * if both oort cloud and kuiper belt comets are the remnants of our solar systems formation, why is the oort cloud spherical and the kuiper belt a disk?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2nxsse/if_both_oort_cloud_and_kuiper_belt_comets_are_the/)**  * eli5:why aren't cops trained to shoot the leg or a non fatal area? these seem to always go for kill shots., *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2nx6yj/eli5why_arent_cops_trained_to_shoot_the_leg_or_a/)**  * til that topher grace of 'that 70's show' edited all three 'star wars' prequels into one condensed film that has been highly praised as a better version., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2nxx20/til_that_topher_grace_of_that_70s_show_edited_all/)**  * jews are returning to germany [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2nxkvt/jews_are_returning_to_germany_oc/)**  * how to delete all the tourists from your travel photos with ease, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2nym5q/how_to_delete_all_the_tourists_from_your_travel/)**  * if water is transparent, then why do things look darker when they're wet?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2nyfeq/if_water_is_transparent_then_why_do_things_look/)**  * how to remove all tourists from your travel shots, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2nxfmn/how_to_remove_all_tourists_from_your_travel_shots/)**  * some sea turtle species synchronize the laying of their eggs so that when they hatch the sheer numbers of baby sea turtles dashing to the sea overwhelms predators., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ny68o/some_sea_turtle_species_synchronize_the_laying_of/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: know the inner workings of your vehicle. the knowledge of autos can save you a lot of money when it comes to fixing problems yourself and realizing when mechanics are ripping you off., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2nybn8/lpt_know_the_inner_workings_of_your_vehicle_the/)**  * this week, i turn 30. as a personal celebration, here's my two year transformation from 220-157 pounds., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ny75f/this_week_i_turn_30_as_a_personal_celebration/)**  * [image] save the excuses, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ny5r8/image_save_the_excuses/)**  * how to remove all tourists from your travel shots, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2nxhzz/how_to_remove_all_tourists_from_your_travel_shots/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* the smart mouse with the half-human brain: when human brain cells called astrocytes are let loose in mouse brains, they rapidly overwhelm the mouse cells and make the rodents smarter, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2nxra4/the_smart_mouse_with_the_halfhuman_brain_when/)**  * charles darwin's evolution notes are released by cambridge university, on more than 12,000 scanned pages., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2nxygv/charles_darwins_evolution_notes_are_released_by/)**  * star formation in the tadpole nebula, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2nxy2t/star_formation_in_the_tadpole_nebula/)**  * wanderers - a fantastic short film by erik wernquist with edited nasa images and narration by carl sagan, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2nxfcg/wanderers_a_fantastic_short_film_by_erik/)**  * large moon mosaic i made over the weekend [oc] [4150x2962] (xpost from /r/astrophotography), *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2nycan/large_moon_mosaic_i_made_over_the_weekend_oc/)**  * the world's first underground park, new york city (2018), *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2nypd5/the_worlds_first_underground_park_new_york_city/)**  * greenland bedrock [802x1042], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2nykuo/greenland_bedrock_802x1042/)**  * 4 http security headers you should always be using, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2nx6wy/4_http_security_headers_you_should_always_be_using/)**  * i'm greg kroah-hartman, linux kernel developer, ama!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2ny1lz/im_greg_kroahhartman_linux_kernel_developer_ama/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what do you miss most about being a kid?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2nxmk9/what_do_you_miss_most_about_being_a_kid/)**  * a few days ago, cern launched an open data portal to publicly share data from the large hadron collider. we are some of the scientists behind this project, working to make science more open globally. ask us (almost) anything about open data, open access, data preservation, big data and open science!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2nxwkb/a_few_days_ago_cern_launched_an_open_data_portal/)**  * i am a liberal pastor in a conservative midwestern town. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2nxzd1/i_am_a_liberal_pastor_in_a_conservative/)**  * user enters /r/atheism and tries to covert them to christianity., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2nxxgl/user_enters_ratheism_and_tries_to_covert_them_to/)**  * the people of reddit vs. /u/alcoholicpineapple for karma fraud and other whacky charges, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2nxl0m/the_people_of_reddit_vs_ualcoholicpineapple_for/)**  * american iraq war veteran explains why training the iraqi army to fight isis is so difficult, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2nx2ec/american_iraq_war_veteran_explains_why_training/)**  * cyber monday happening now: four flash sales in 12 hours with the best discounts of the year. ends 10pm est!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2nxzsa/cyber_monday_happening_now_four_flash_sales_in_12/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2nx9wt) /r/unexpectedthuglife, /r/hiddenwow, /r/conduitporn, /r/scapecraft, /r/stuffoncats  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* discovery channel's the science of interstellar (2014) - mcconaughey narrates a look into the real science behind nolan's film with the help of physicist, kip thorne., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2nzecx/discovery_channels_the_science_of_interstellar/)**  * the man from earth (2007) [480p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2nx1pr/the_man_from_earth_2007_480p/)**  * karen allen, kate capshaw, and alison doody posing with iconic outfits from their respective indiana jones films in 2003, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2nyj36/karen_allen_kate_capshaw_and_alison_doody_posing/)**  * after declaring himself bankrupt, creed singer scott stapp asks fans for $480,000 to record new album., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2nxzau/after_declaring_himself_bankrupt_creed_singer/)**  * kygo - firestone [electronic] (2014) this is the brand new song by kygo released today., *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2nyavr/kygo_firestone_electronic_2014_this_is_the_brand/)**  * space buckets, a community of diy gardeners growing plants indoors, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2nyjay/space_buckets_a_community_of_diy_gardeners/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* i heard a meow as i got out of my car saturday night...guess she picked me to be hers., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2nxxkq/i_heard_a_meow_as_i_got_out_of_my_car_saturday/)**  * i live in north lake tahoe and work in reno, nv. this is why i'm ok with two extra hours in the car each day. [oc by phil mosby][4000x1293], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2nytb8/i_live_in_north_lake_tahoe_and_work_in_reno_nv/)**  * spiraling cactus, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2nygm1/spiraling_cactus/)**  * large moon mosaic i made over the weekend [oc] [4150x2962] (xpost from /r/astrophotography), *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2nyeyk/large_moon_mosaic_i_made_over_the_weekend_oc/)**  * i thought this might belong here. top of nordnes, bergen , norway. [3264 x 2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2nxwyi/i_thought_this_might_belong_here_top_of_nordnes/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* send gmail message without root, and screen is off?, *from /r/tasker* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tasker/comments/2nz5r5/send_gmail_message_without_root_and_screen_is_off/)**  * create a planet in photoshop, *from /r/photoshoptutorials* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/photoshoptutorials/comments/2nxeyi/create_a_planet_in_photoshop/)**  * who lost their gloves?, *from /r/frozen* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/frozen/comments/2ny0d7/who_lost_their_gloves/)**  * bought this heavily upgraded 2010 felt tk3 for $372 today. parts list in album, *from /r/fixedgearbicycle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fixedgearbicycle/comments/2nxauk/bought_this_heavily_upgraded_2010_felt_tk3_for/)**  * i posted yesterday on facebook "i don't get why more guys don't wear nail polish," and this came up in my newsfeed today. am i a prophet?, *from /r/genderqueer* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/genderqueer/comments/2nxrrd/i_posted_yesterday_on_facebook_i_dont_get_why/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* in my entire life, i have never seen a female taxi driver., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2nxyp9/in_my_entire_life_i_have_never_seen_a_female_taxi/)**  * cover the ice caps with solar panels.they won't melt and we get free power., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2nxqjt/cover_the_ice_caps_with_solar_panelsthey_wont/)**  *  if you love a flower, don"t pick it up. because if you pick it up it dies and ceases to be what you love. so if you love a flower, let it be. love is not about possession. love is about appreciation.  ~ osho, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2nxnsg/if_you_love_a_flower_dont_pick_it_up_because_if/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* obama calls for police to wear body cameras as part of $263m reform package, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2nyqk1/obama_calls_for_police_to_wear_body_cameras_as/)**  * kim dotcom walks free after three days of hearings in auckland, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2nxgtv/kim_dotcom_walks_free_after_three_days_of/)**  * video of cleveland police shooting of tamir rice raises disturbing questions: editorial, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2nyaat/video_of_cleveland_police_shooting_of_tamir_rice/)**  * first boyfriend for susan boyle at age 53, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2ny9pi/first_boyfriend_for_susan_boyle_at_age_53/)**  * washington state patrol aircraft catches multiple police cars speeding a..., *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2nxpry/washington_state_patrol_aircraft_catches_multiple/)**  * at&amp;amp;ts good cop, bad cop routine with the fcc "... however, at&amp;amp;t is making a more ominous argument: if regulators don't craft industry-friendly net neutrality rules, at&amp;amp;t (and everyone else who's an isp) will have no choice but to hurt consumers by slowing down the pace of their network upgrades.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2nxwqt/atts_good_cop_bad_cop_routine_with_the_fcc/)**  * travis kelce from the kansas city chiefs lets everyone know what he thinks about the ref's call, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2nwsoc/travis_kelce_from_the_kansas_city_chiefs_lets/)**  * judge orders connecticut law tribune not to publish story, drawing fire from first amendment experts, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2nykoi/judge_orders_connecticut_law_tribune_not_to/)**  * feds want apples help to defeat encrypted phones, new legal case shows, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2nyyry/feds_want_apples_help_to_defeat_encrypted_phones/)**  * why are we angry at charlie jacobs? also, who is he?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ny3ev/why_are_we_angry_at_charlie_jacobs_also_who_is_he/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that no two cancers are the same., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2nyo2l/ysk_that_no_two_cancers_are_the_same/)**  * if both oort cloud and kuiper belt comets are the remnants of our solar systems formation, why is the oort cloud spherical and the kuiper belt a disk?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2nxsse/if_both_oort_cloud_and_kuiper_belt_comets_are_the/)**  * eli5:why aren't cops trained to shoot the leg or a non fatal area? these seem to always go for kill shots., *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2nx6yj/eli5why_arent_cops_trained_to_shoot_the_leg_or_a/)**  * til that topher grace of 'that 70's show' edited all three 'star wars' prequels into one condensed film that has been highly praised as a better version., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2nxx20/til_that_topher_grace_of_that_70s_show_edited_all/)**  * jews are returning to germany [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2nxkvt/jews_are_returning_to_germany_oc/)**  * how to delete all the tourists from your travel photos with ease, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2nym5q/how_to_delete_all_the_tourists_from_your_travel/)**  * if water is transparent, then why do things look darker when they're wet?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2nyfeq/if_water_is_transparent_then_why_do_things_look/)**  * how to remove all tourists from your travel shots, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2nxfmn/how_to_remove_all_tourists_from_your_travel_shots/)**  * some sea turtle species synchronize the laying of their eggs so that when they hatch the sheer numbers of baby sea turtles dashing to the sea overwhelms predators., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ny68o/some_sea_turtle_species_synchronize_the_laying_of/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: know the inner workings of your vehicle. the knowledge of autos can save you a lot of money when it comes to fixing problems yourself and realizing when mechanics are ripping you off., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2nybn8/lpt_know_the_inner_workings_of_your_vehicle_the/)**  * this week, i turn 30. as a personal celebration, here's my two year transformation from 220-157 pounds., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ny75f/this_week_i_turn_30_as_a_personal_celebration/)**  * [image] save the excuses, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ny5r8/image_save_the_excuses/)**  * how to remove all tourists from your travel shots, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2nxhzz/how_to_remove_all_tourists_from_your_travel_shots/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* the smart mouse with the half-human brain: when human brain cells called astrocytes are let loose in mouse brains, they rapidly overwhelm the mouse cells and make the rodents smarter, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2nxra4/the_smart_mouse_with_the_halfhuman_brain_when/)**  * charles darwin's evolution notes are released by cambridge university, on more than 12,000 scanned pages., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2nxygv/charles_darwins_evolution_notes_are_released_by/)**  * star formation in the tadpole nebula, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2nxy2t/star_formation_in_the_tadpole_nebula/)**  * wanderers - a fantastic short film by erik wernquist with edited nasa images and narration by carl sagan, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2nxfcg/wanderers_a_fantastic_short_film_by_erik/)**  * large moon mosaic i made over the weekend [oc] [4150x2962] (xpost from /r/astrophotography), *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2nycan/large_moon_mosaic_i_made_over_the_weekend_oc/)**  * the world's first underground park, new york city (2018), *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2nypd5/the_worlds_first_underground_park_new_york_city/)**  * greenland bedrock [802x1042], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2nykuo/greenland_bedrock_802x1042/)**  * 4 http security headers you should always be using, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2nx6wy/4_http_security_headers_you_should_always_be_using/)**  * i'm greg kroah-hartman, linux kernel developer, ama!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2ny1lz/im_greg_kroahhartman_linux_kernel_developer_ama/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what do you miss most about being a kid?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2nxmk9/what_do_you_miss_most_about_being_a_kid/)**  * a few days ago, cern launched an open data portal to publicly share data from the large hadron collider. we are some of the scientists behind this project, working to make science more open globally. ask us (almost) anything about open data, open access, data preservation, big data and open science!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2nxwkb/a_few_days_ago_cern_launched_an_open_data_portal/)**  * i am a liberal pastor in a conservative midwestern town. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2nxzd1/i_am_a_liberal_pastor_in_a_conservative/)**  * user enters /r/atheism and tries to covert them to christianity., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2nxxgl/user_enters_ratheism_and_tries_to_covert_them_to/)**  * the people of reddit vs. /u/alcoholicpineapple for karma fraud and other whacky charges, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2nxl0m/the_people_of_reddit_vs_ualcoholicpineapple_for/)**  * american iraq war veteran explains why training the iraqi army to fight isis is so difficult, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2nx2ec/american_iraq_war_veteran_explains_why_training/)**  * cyber monday happening now: four flash sales in 12 hours with the best discounts of the year. ends 10pm est!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2nxzsa/cyber_monday_happening_now_four_flash_sales_in_12/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2nx9wt) /r/unexpectedthuglife, /r/hiddenwow, /r/conduitporn, /r/scapecraft, /r/stuffoncats  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* discovery channel's the science of interstellar (2014) - mcconaughey narrates a look into the real science behind nolan's film with the help of physicist, kip thorne., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2nzecx/discovery_channels_the_science_of_interstellar/)**  * the man from earth (2007) [480p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2nx1pr/the_man_from_earth_2007_480p/)**  * karen allen, kate capshaw, and alison doody posing with iconic outfits from their respective indiana jones films in 2003, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2nyj36/karen_allen_kate_capshaw_and_alison_doody_posing/)**  * after declaring himself bankrupt, creed singer scott stapp asks fans for $480,000 to record new album., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2nxzau/after_declaring_himself_bankrupt_creed_singer/)**  * kygo - firestone [electronic] (2014) this is the brand new song by kygo released today., *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2nyavr/kygo_firestone_electronic_2014_this_is_the_brand/)**  * space buckets, a community of diy gardeners growing plants indoors, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2nyjay/space_buckets_a_community_of_diy_gardeners/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* i heard a meow as i got out of my car saturday night...guess she picked me to be hers., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2nxxkq/i_heard_a_meow_as_i_got_out_of_my_car_saturday/)**  * i live in north lake tahoe and work in reno, nv. this is why i'm ok with two extra hours in the car each day. [oc by phil mosby][4000x1293], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2nytb8/i_live_in_north_lake_tahoe_and_work_in_reno_nv/)**  * spiraling cactus, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2nygm1/spiraling_cactus/)**  * large moon mosaic i made over the weekend [oc] [4150x2962] (xpost from /r/astrophotography), *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2nyeyk/large_moon_mosaic_i_made_over_the_weekend_oc/)**  * i thought this might belong here. top of nordnes, bergen , norway. [3264 x 2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2nxwyi/i_thought_this_might_belong_here_top_of_nordnes/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* send gmail message without root, and screen is off?, *from /r/tasker* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tasker/comments/2nz5r5/send_gmail_message_without_root_and_screen_is_off/)**  * create a planet in photoshop, *from /r/photoshoptutorials* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/photoshoptutorials/comments/2nxeyi/create_a_planet_in_photoshop/)**  * who lost their gloves?, *from /r/frozen* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/frozen/comments/2ny0d7/who_lost_their_gloves/)**  * bought this heavily upgraded 2010 felt tk3 for $372 today. parts list in album, *from /r/fixedgearbicycle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fixedgearbicycle/comments/2nxauk/bought_this_heavily_upgraded_2010_felt_tk3_for/)**  * i posted yesterday on facebook "i don't get why more guys don't wear nail polish," and this came up in my newsfeed today. am i a prophet?, *from /r/genderqueer* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/genderqueer/comments/2nxrrd/i_posted_yesterday_on_facebook_i_dont_get_why/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* in my entire life, i have never seen a female taxi driver., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2nxyp9/in_my_entire_life_i_have_never_seen_a_female_taxi/)**  * cover the ice caps with solar panels.they won't melt and we get free power., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2nxqjt/cover_the_ice_caps_with_solar_panelsthey_wont/)**  *  if you love a flower, don"t pick it up. because if you pick it up it dies and ceases to be what you love. so if you love a flower, let it be. love is not about possession. love is about appreciation.  ~ osho, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2nxnsg/if_you_love_a_flower_dont_pick_it_up_because_if/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
so i am covered by two different insurance companies - one through school, and the other through work. this is the first time i've dealt with any form of insurance, and my first time filing claims. anyway, i was trying to maximize my gains: i received 80% from the first company and my intent was to file a claim for the remainder through the second company. however, i messed up and the second company ended up paying me 80% as well. i emailed the company, informing them of my mistake, but i haven't received a response. i have no experience with this kind of thing, i just know that insurance fraud is a serious matter, so what happens next? am i screwed? edit: thanks for the answers. yeah, i can see how using the phrase "maximize my gains" sounds bad; i didn't mean it in that way haha. i haven't touched the second cheque &amp; i will call in tomorrow.++$++20
i'm sorry this post is so long, but it's about who i am and the struggles i'm sure many abdls can relate to.i've never reached out to the online abdl community much before now, i only recently have felt ready - i would appreciate anyone's insights, experiences, advice, or words of encouragement.i'm 19 years old, i'm a guy, and i am a diaper lover. i've consciously enjoyed wearing - and wetting - diapers since i was 13. at one point in my life, without discussing it with anyone, i thought my attraction (and fetish) to wearing diapers was just a phase that i might outgrow. even at 13, i wondered if i might feel differently about things when i had grown up. and maybe i would turn out to be "normal" after all.i knew that, if this part of myself hadn't changed, if i hadn't forgotten about it by then, i would buy my own diapers as soon as i could drive myself to the store to get them. i thought about it off and on, over the years, and even after i got my license, i didn't go through with it.i thought i'd fallen in love with a girl later on in high school - or maybe i had, she just hadn't fallen in love with me - and the relationship i had with her was and still is the longest-lasting i've been in. in retrospect, i see we certainly weren't right for each other, and i deserved someone who cared more - but at the time she broke up with me, i was devastated. that's when, just over a year ago, i went out and did it. i bought diapers for myself and hid them from my parents. i used them sparingly over the next few months as a comfort and a coping mechanism, and after a while my sexual energies were no longer focused so intensely on diapers and diaper fetish porn... but from that time i knew this part of me - my dl side - was actually just that; not a phase, but part of who i am. at the same time, after quite a few relationships with girls over the last few years, i still have not had sex. it wasn't long before i realized that maybe i wasn't as drawn to have sex as most "normal" people are. and yet i still crave romance, even some degree of intimacy, with a female significant other. i still feel attracted to girls, physically and emotionally, in ways i've never felt toward a guy. and yet it all still falls short of actual, legitimate sexual desire. some day, if i found the right woman and was in the right circumstances, i would like to get married. i felt something close to the sexual desire i imagine is more common in other, more sexual beings, with my previous girlfriend as well as the girlfriend before that. so i think i'm at least partially asexual, when it comes to human beings, and i'm definitely more physically attracted to a girl when i feel close to her emotionally and love her.but at times, i've struggled with hating these "abnormal" parts of myself. at times, i've wished i could just be "normal," or at least completely either asexual and aromantic and not care about relationships, or just completely heterosexual. several of the girls i dated seriously knew about my sexuality - it was the reason at least 2 of my earlier relationships ended. the girlfriends i have felt closest to also knew about my fetish, at least to some degree, and seemed to accept me for it and love me anyway. although that was far from being willing to participate in my fetish with me. i know that people of alternate sexualities and also some people with extreme fetishes go through self-doubt, self-loathing, or a desire to be normal before they can accept themselves. how can i learn to embrace who i am? and how can i remain hopeful about finding a girl who is "right" for me, when my sexual identity is so complicated?tl;dr - i'm a dl and also at least kind of asexual, but want a girlfriend/wife eventually. how do i accept my sexuality and also not just give up on my love life?++$++19
my name is maggie. i am 23 years old and i live in a small apartment in jacksonville, florida. i'm from baltimore but i moved down there about a year ago to escape the cold. about a half hour ago i woke up somewhere i have never seen before. i know for a fact it is not jacksonville, and i am positive it is not anywhere in florida. but let me explain. i woke up in  what i assumed was the back room of some type of business. confused and disoriented, i came out into the front room. it was huge and very spacious, made even more so because it was completely empty. at one time it might have been a restaurant or a rec center or something, but now there was absolutely nothing save for a counter where it appeared food had once been served. the whole front was made of glass; mostly windows with a few sets of double doors. it calmed me some to be able to see outside, but what i saw only terrified me further. the clock on my phone said it was 6:28pm. that, for one thing, can't be right. i remember getting off work today, at 6:00pm. there is no way i got home, fell asleep, and woke up in 28 minutes. the last thing i remember is walking home from work, i remember i took a shortcut that i sometimes take... but okay, i'm getting off track. so i looked outside and it was pitch black and snowing. snow covered the ground and all of the cars in the sprawling parking lot that lay before me. that's when i freaked out. i rushed at the doors, banging and pulling on them, but to no avail; they were locked. and of course they were locked, the room i was in clearly was not a business anymore. i ran frantically around until i found a backdoor. also locked. by this point i was crying, hysterically screaming and pounding on the walls. i finally had enough of a moment of clarity to think of calling 911, but the call wouldn't go through. so i tried to call my parents. then my boyfriend, tyler. then 411. i tried almost every number in my phone, but finally gave up as they all came up with a "call failed" screen. i sank against the wall, still sobbing, when i saw a mouse in front of me. i watched it idly roam around the room until suddenly i saw it: another door. this one was in the back too, but more up against a side wall. it was the only one with a deadbolt that you could turn from the inside. hope bubbled inside of me as i clumsily ran towards the door. i turned the lock, closed my eyes, and pushed. when it gave way i nearly screamed in excitement. in the euphoria of the moment i rushed out the door and slammed it behind me, moving faster than i thought possible. it was when i found myself in a freezing, alley-like parking lot behind the building that i began to calm down and realized what i had done. surrounded by dumpsters and snow i regretted shutting away my only source of protection. i gathered my courage, however, and made my way around to the front of the building. it was much less foreboding. the parking lot is well-lit and has lots of cars in front of it. the room i was in is part of a strip mall; i made my way past a pizza place and a thai restaurant on the far left side of the building, and there it was. the sign above it has been faded away, no doubt to make way for whatever business comes next. i am still completely in shock, so i walked into the thai restaurant. it has nineteen tables, four of which are occupied. a woman is sitting in the front area waiting for a takeout order. a smiling white girl up front sat me on the right-hand wall at a table for one. she brought me water and hot tea and asked if i was all right. i want to ask her where we are, but suddenly i'm scared. my phone won't send texts or calls, the gps doesn't work, and most of my apps won't open. i feel like if i start asking questions this girl might call 911, and the last thing i want is to be locked up in a hospital in a strange place. i am going to ask her, i just don't know how to say it. i can't really think. every time she or the other tall, asian waitress walk by i open my mouth to ask, but can't. i don't know what to do and i just want to know what's going on. suggestions please?++$++23
to grind some contact missions with me, in trying to save for a buzzard myself. so if there is anyone trying to grind and also has a buzzard, hit me up .leave your psn name and i'll add you.++$++20
the scent of a winter cranberry candle pours through the dark hallways of the house. the warmth of the bath water kisses at my skin as i soak in the tub after my evening workout. i know that you'll be home soon and the thought of it brings a soft smile to my lips and intensifies my craving for your touch. tilting my head back against the porcelain edge, i take a deep, slow breath, letting go of the things that i have on my agenda for tomorrow and letting all of the stress from today wash away in the bubbles around me. ------------------------------------------------------------------------hi! i tried to leave this prompt as open ended as i can but here is a little bit of what i'm looking for in the story. i'd like this to be focused on the nature of a couple that live the lifestyle of bdsm. i would play the submissive girlfriend or wife (your choice) and you would play the dominant boyfriend or husband. you can be held up at the office a little late, at poker with the guys, etc. what ever you want.i'm hoping for this to be somewhat of a long term thing so please no responses with a sentence or two. please send a description of your character, as well as your response to the above scene. here is a description of my character as well!i am 20 years old, a student, 5'2, 110lbs, with green eyes, long sandy blonde hair that reaches about half way down my back, 32b, a light dusting of freckles across my cheeks, and a petite frame. happy writing!++$++20
i am 18 years old and set to graduate this year and after seeing numerous family members file for bankruptcy and witnessing the toll financial debt takes, im determined to pay my way through college and not go into debt. after this year ill be taking a gap year to work and save money since i feel like if i go back in the fall i will just be burned out and dont want to pay for classes when i dont even know what i want to do yet. after that ill be going to school at a university in state. i got a scholarship that will pay for my tuition and some fees, but ill still need to work and save money to pay for books as well as cost of living. at this time i have about $3000 saved up, my car paid in full, and my computer. my plan is to work full time during my gap year, then part time during the school year and full time in the summer. what, in your opinion, is the best way to go about saving money and building credit while avoiding common financial missteps? my parents arent a good resource for financial advice, so im not even sure what kind of account i should be keeping my money in, so any advice helps.++$++18
i have a windfall of $80,000.  i have insurance, a car, no debt, no kids.  i put money regularly into retirement, and have an emergency fund saved.  i'm 28 years old.how should i invest this?++$++28
this is going to be short and sweet. i'm 22 years old and i oscillate between periods of extreme loneliness and bland-feeling-ness. i have had no luck in the dating world. i managed to have lose my virginity a couple of months ago and i've had sex three times. three amazing times. cumming with someone is so much more powerful omg. i wish i could put myself out there and go on some dates to fulfill my emotional and sexual needs but i have a touch of aspergers and i look silly talking most of the time. i'm so horny i can't take it. end of speech.++$++22
i am 18 years old, planning on moving to germany to live with my boyfriend of 4 years. i am considering going after my first year of college is over (this may). i have been researching for weeks on what to do and what visa i should apply for, because we won't be in a financially stable position to get married. from what i've read it's hard for international students to get into anew english speaking university there, and also that it's hard getting a work visa as well if you don't speak proper german, which i know basic knowledge of.i would really appreciate any advice on which direction would be the easiest for me to do. thanks :)++$++18
hey!i'm 21 years old from sweden but nowadays i live in thailand. i'm quite new into producing (been producing for a few months) but i love it and i've learned very fast. i am looking for someone to collab with, share samples, techniques and other stuff. even start a skype group where we could be a few people helping each other out. if you would like to join, send me a message with either your skype name or email.++$++21
i'm not fat but my weight concerns me because it's slowly going up and i can see my slimness going away. i weigh 139 lbs (63 kg.), 5'5 or 165 cm, and i'm 16 years old. i do taekwondo 4 days a week and its good exercise and my diet is not perfect but it's not bad either. i eat a lot of japanese food mixed in with american food from school. i will admit that i eat a lot and i'd like to fix my diet when i'm around my parents and at school by eating a little less but everytime i do they notice and think i'm ill or accuse me of being anorexic. they berate me about it and have taken me to the clinic to prove i'm sick or "really vain and childish". but at the same time they like to remind me that i'm getting chubbier and "will never get married if i become an american whale." take note that they are traditional asian parents and they are vastly different from white american parents. any suggestions, reddit?++$++16
when i was little, i really loved digimon, but it didn't follow me much like yu-gi-oh or pokemon. (still a duelist and pokemon trainer today and i'm 19 years old.) but one season that i remember really loving is the one where the people themselves turn into digimon. i think it was maybe season 4 but i'm not sure. i really want to see this season again, does anyone know what season i'm talking about and where i could find it?++$++19
compared to other mmos i have played in the past, the top tier items legendary, exotic or whatever are always equipped with mods/stats that make them notably better than any other item in their slot (they are meant to be more powerful than anything else as a reward for the time spent grinding and playing). in destiny you are only allowed to equip one exotic per armor/weapon slot yet they are all too equivalent to legendary items, especially weapons. they also made the acquisition of exotics far to easy. i play casually and have every exotic weapon xur has sold since the beginning as well as a few found from raids and weekly nightfalls. since exotics are as easy to acquire as legendary items they should allow to equip multiple exotics or make the rarity of exotics much much higher.++$++29
**greeting fellow redditors,**i am 33 years old male. last year i was able to lose 20 kilos and was starting to get lean. unfortunately due to some repetitive injury cut my training &amp; diet and ended up almost gaining the same amount back. after some research i thought that lg + rpt + if sounds like a good plan to get back on the track.  my initial weight was 90 kilos and estimated bf around 28%. my goal is to lose 10 kilos of fat in six months or so and gain some muscle along the progress. so far everything looks good in terms of strength gain. **my macros:**td 2700 kcal(recently i adjusted this from 3000kcal) + workout  p 20% c 65% f 15%ntd 2100 kcal + possible cycling burn p 28% c 32% f 40%do these seem alright to you? i have tried to keep away from goods with added sugar so tanking up enough carbs in training days has been a challenge. any suggestions or comments on my macros?my workout program and results in six weeks (with one week of program due to a trip) are following: **weight:**90kg-&gt;88kgwaist -5%according to my bioimpedence scale bf 27%-&gt;25%**day 1:**cycling 10km/60minsquat 6x80kg -&gt; 6x 90kgopt 5x30kg (with non-full series of sets) -&gt; 6x30kg (full series of sets)**day 2:**cycling 10km/60minbench 5x53kg -&gt; 6x53kgpushup 2x80**day 3:**cycling 10km/60mindeadlift 5x90kg -&gt; 6x 95kgchinup 5xbw-30kilos -&gt; ?*72 hour rest*doing chin-ups without adjusted weight is still heavy on me so 30 kilos assistance was best i could do. however, i ended up changing to a gym without adjusted chin-up machine. i was wondering would standing barbell curve be a proper was to replace chin-ups in my workout program? additional comments or suggestions regarding to my workout program? furthermore, i have been mostly following up with 16/8 if. i have been doing my workouts fasted with bcaa as pre-workout supplement. other supplements i take are omega 3, magnesium and caffeine (coffee &amp; diet-coke, but replacing these with green tea extract). i was thinking about adding creatine in my supplements, but also thinking that perhaps it is not yet work the extra effort? any other comments or advises?**thank you all.**++$++33
do i need to pay $x/mo on top of my phone plan if i go individual with sprint?++$++20
hey y'all.depression veteran here, this marks ~10 years of dealing with a burdened mind.  i'm not really sure what i'm trying to achieve, guess it's just an audience of people who feel the same way i do.i'm an alcoholic, i've drank heavily most nights the past two years.  i work at a liquor store with an opportunity for advancement (and a discount) so i don't plan on leaving or quitting drinking any time soon.  i'm fairly buzzed now, and i enjoy it more than my sober days.i've been in a committed relationship for the past two years, but i've cheated twice.  she doesn't know, and i honestly don't really regret it.  my dad cheated on my mom as well, guess it runs in the genes.the only thing i want to do is die.  i'm an atheist but i ask for every deity to kill me on the way to work in the morning.  i'm 23 years old and i'm factoring a shotgun in to my budget as a backup.  i've taken antidepressants and they turn me in to a zombie.  is there anything i can do to ease this struggle?  i was okay for a while, i lost a lot of weight and a lot of my self esteem issues left for a while.  but it all came back and i'm not sure what to do.on my current path, i see a maximum 5 years before i blow my brains out.  is it really worth keeping on?  are things going to change for good, or will i always cycle back in to depression?  is there any advice you can offer me?  thanks.++$++23
hello everyone, i am 19 years old and recently got my first ever job a few weeks ago. so far i've gotten two pay checks and having money is great, but i don't know how to handle or save it. i don't know very much about how banks, credit/debit cards, roth ira's work. or any of that stuff actually. i'm not going to school at the moment. i'm planning to go this fall and i was hoping to save most of my money for it, but most of it goes towards helping my mom with bills. so do you guys have any advice on what i should do so i can be financially stable through the life?++$++19
i'm 24 years old and have no idea what this yik yak is all about. yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like twitter... but the first i heard of it was how bad it was for schools. i'm 24 and just graduated from college 2 years ago, am i already that old?!?!?!++$++24
i am falling back into my depression. this whole semester i spent sleeping for the most part, because i had no motivation to wake up and do things. i hate my life, sometimes. i am approaching finals and i am failing 2 of the 4 classes i'm taking this semester. the ones that i am passing, i'm actually repeating. i feel worthless, stupid, lazy. i hate myself. i'm a chemistry major and this is my 6th year in college. if i do end up failing these 2 courses, i will lose my financial aid for next semester, and my graduation date will be pushed to the fall. chemistry is not even my passion. i wish i could appreciate it, but i feel like my low gpa and difficulty keeping up with material makes me hate it. i'm 23 years old. i was cleared of my depression earlier this year, and after relapsing i went to my psychiatrist, got a note from her for my professors, and they basically told me that i have to be fair to the other students and accept the failure and just retake those courses. but i am in so much shit with financial aid and graduating late and just hating my major. i want to do something i love.i feel like i'm stuck in a hole.i'm failing physical chemistry ii and biochemistry i.++$++23
ok. so the story would seem to be pretty simple. i like a girl and i don't know how to ask her out without ruining the current friendship we have. so firstly i'm 20 and i've never had a girlfriend before. not because i'm hideous or something, in my opinion it was due to a very late growth spurt and such. once i was 18 i've spent my intervening years trying to re-build my confidence after one thing or another (can't be too specific as i know for a fact my friends are redditors). so my first concern is a terrible lack of experience in all things relationshippy, which of course isn't ideal.further, because of this i'm horribly lacking experience in other areas as well (exactly what it sounds like). it's not that i'm a virgin, i have done so, but only while drunk (stay strong my sub-21 us brethren), and i mean this in its entirety, no contact of any kind while sober. so problems here too.anyway enough background. she's in one of the teams i play sports for and we played together for a bit before she went on her year abroad. on her return we've become more than an acquaintance friend, more like good friends but i'm looking for more, suffice to say i like her enough to give this a go. she's been back a couple of months (term; i'm a student) and i've given her a lift home etc. a couple of times and she's invited me in for a coffee and chat, the chat involving various things, however i have no idea whether these are *friend* conversations or more or not.in any case i had plucked up my courage and was giving a lift after a match and she asked if i wanted to get fast food. once again i'm oblivious to the meaning of this, though i surely assume that this is a friend thing to do, so i said to pay her back we should get dinner at a local restaurant i know. she replied with she was busy (to be fair she actually is) but part of me thinks this is to allow me to save face without saying no and the other part just thinks she's busy.the churning over of ideas in my mind is killing me. i'm worried about putting myself out there and either her saying no and crushing the friendship i really value. or even if it works failing due to a horrible lack of experience.do i just go for it and yolo? do i give up on the whole idea, save myself the embarrassment and get ordained? any advice is helpful even if it's harsh!tl;dr i'm 20 years old never had a gf and want to ask out a friend but don't want to ruin the friendship as have no ability to read signals. to yolo or not to yolo?(but seriously read it, i'm anxiety incarnate.)++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on tuesday.  **report period:**   monday, november 24, 2014 through sunday, november 30, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astrophotography** [[full report](/2o0ofv)]   ---* [the moon being crossed by the international space station](/2n9r6s)  * [the andromeda galaxy](/2ndvbx)  * [from raw to final image, light pollution included.](/2nnhcv)  * [very widefield andromeda](/2n7b2u)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canadapolitics** [[full report](/2o0s1f)]   ---* [its time to include dental health in the healthcare system](/2negcm)  * [new brunswick abortion restriction lifted by premier brian gallant - new brunswick](/2nh62o)  * [only 36% of canadians would call ottawa shooting a terrorist attack, while 38% blame mental illness, survey finds](/2nb9tw)  * [conservatives dirty tricks have no place in canadian politics](/2nmkfq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlejerkaustralia** [[full report](/2o0pap)]   ---* [   ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ repost this if ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ you are a beautiful jacqui lambie ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ who dont need no clive palmer ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~   ](/2n7m4i)  * [loved this tweet on q&amp;amp;a last night](/2nby2n)  * [mark scott: "it's impossible to run 5 tv channels, 70 radio stations and a website on only $1.2 billion per year instead of $1.22 billion per year, so we are cutting funding from news and current affairs. don't forget to catch 'freaky eaters' on abc2 saturday at 9:30pm!"](/2nbwoz)  * [level 10 jerk alert. he is coming](/2ngnxv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cordcutters** [[full report](/2o0ptn)]   ---* [netflix and youtube account for 48.93% of all north american bandwidth used](/2nda10)  * [at&amp;amp;t told to stop calling u-verse the fastest internet for the price | ars technica](/2ni5cx)  * [netflix ceo says broadcast tv will be dead in 16 years](/2nmp2j)  * [after calling cord cutting 'purely fiction' for years, nielsen decides just maybe it should start tracking amazon, netflix viewing](/2nhg7v)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dataisbeautiful** [[full report](/2o0rfa)]   ---* [my rise and fall in a long game of monopoly - money charted in excel [oc]](/2nh3ut)  * [100m sprints over the last 118 years](/2nsmq9)  * [the results of a poll which asked americans from all states questions about other states.](/2n8syi)  * [asked students in my school what was a major issue and this was the response [oc]](/2nb937)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dinosaurs** [[full report](/2o0nm2)]   ---* [i photoshopped the jp velociraptor with some feathers to see what it could look like... [jp]/[dino art]/[oc]](/2nsdn2)  * [[fluff] proof that feathered dinos can be terrifying.](/2nvfr9)  * [saw this on a car parked at the science center [fluff]](/2n7ue6)  * [[jp] first trailer for jurassic world](/2ndxxj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/explainlikeimfive** [[full report](/2o0yft)]   ---* [eli5:why does the word 'cool' remain cool for so long, and yet words like 'groovy' and 'rad' seem out of date in just a couple of decades?](/2ndism)  * [eli5:if we eat chicken eggs and chicken in mass consumption. why do we eat turkey but not turkey eggs?](/2nk0g6)  * [eli5: how doom (1993) had online multiplayer on dialup and now games "require a fast broadband connection"](/2n9rbj)  * [eli5: why release a grand jury result at 9pm when you are worried about rioting? aren't people less likely to riot at 8am?](/2nbnop)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/funny** [[full report](/2o164j)]   ---* [as a brit, this is how i imagine black friday in america.](/2ngts2)  * [one of my more elderly customers gave me this because he "knows that i love technology."](/2nh4t2)  * [the san francisco zoo just posted this picture of jillian's thanksgiving](/2nm1ee)  * [fighting the good fight.](/2nb0qr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indonesia** [[full report](/2o0u6j)]   ---* [a traditional saman dance is performed by 5,057 men and boys](/2ndavv)  * [weekend bilateral dialogue with /r/philippines](/2nqcx6)  * [indonesia is about to start producing a birth control pill for men that will change the world](/2nfrez)  * [stunning visualization of jakarta "macet" in a day](/2nqy2x)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/learnuselesstalents** [[full report](/2o0ncf)]   ---* [how to turn a normal party ballon into a cell phone cover (x-post from /r/gifs)](/2n9m0a)  * [how to make an impenetraball with binder clips.](/2nsmxr)  * [how to pick up a coin with a forklift](/2ndaq7)  * [how to fold the world record paper airplane](/2nplhd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lifeprotips** [[full report](/2o0qqd)]   ---* [lpt: when copying text, use control+shift+v to paste without formatting](/2nhxxv)  * [lpt: when wearing a tie on a windy day, slip a coin down the inside of the hem to keep the tie from blowing all around.](/2nuhgr)  * [lpt: send a text message to yourself in limited reception situations to push all other pending messages through.](/2naymm)  * [lpt: instead of saying 'yeah you told me' when someone repeats a story, say 'yes, i remember this.'](/2nnmdt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/manga** [[full report](/2o0szr)]   ---* [fallen a manga style graphic novel](/2ni2iz)  * [can we get a demonstration? [mayo chiki]](/2nrsgw)  * [[disc] tokyo ghoul:re 8](/2nuobp)  * [what manga is this?](/2nkkyj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minimalism** [[full report](/2o0ovf)]   ---* [cozy urban nest for two minimalism enthusiasts](/2nbcmr)  * [was told r/minimalism might like my 3d printed chess set](/2nrvjq)  * [attic room (x-post from r/cozyplaces)](/2nvd5l)  * [nighthawks.](/2nhz34)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/music** [[full report](/2o0zrp)]   ---* [records broken as vinyl sales reach 1m in 2014  the highest in two decades , driven by pink floyd &amp;amp; arctic monkeys](/2nkhc4)  * [creed singer scott stapp says he's broke and living in a holiday inn.](/2ni935)  * [sublime - april 29, 1992 [ska]](/2nbmxr)  * [the shins - new slang [indie/alt]](/2ne2en)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nba** [[full report](/2o13qq)]   ---* [james harden's transition defense](/2nc6us)  * [i have something to tell you.](/2nakw1)  * [this rockets fan](/2njmxk)  * [jabari parker shakes his own hand after being denied by the ref.](/2nkyw5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/photoshopbattles** [[full report](/2o0vp6)]   ---* [psbattle: mall train stolen during ferguson riots](/2nk313)  * [psbattle: skylight kitty](/2nrf9a)  * [psbattle: a girl with a face of envy (or fear) looking at another girls chest](/2ndgdk)  * [psbattle: ballerina in mid-air. also there's a dog. [720x720]](/2n97pr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/running** [[full report](/2o0tvv)]   ---* [if anyone was wondering what it looks like to hit "the wall", here are my stats from a marathon last month](/2norza)  * [i ran nyc marathon with a camera and i thought you may enjoy some of my photos!](/2ndmg3)  * [i got a race receipt at my turkey trot! i wish they did this at all races.](/2nlmdm)  * [this is emma, she is very close to finishing her 4000km charity run across africa, ~ 100 marathons in as many days (x post)](/2ngpbi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/showerthoughts** [[full report](/2o0x07)]   ---* [imagine being completely naked in a room full of people who speak a different language and everyone wants to touch you. this is the life of a dog.](/2na67q)  * [if the toys in toy story died the kids would keep playing with them like normal but the other toys would be playing with their dead friend.](/2nqizk)  * [if you were really serious about punishing stores that open on thanksgiving, you'd buy a bunch of stuff the prior week, then return it all on thanksgiving, giving them negative revenue for being open that day.](/2nkrne)  * [a cop wearing a "fuck the police" t-shirt at a party is just making a clever suggestion.](/2nmtj4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/squaredcircle** [[full report](/2o11hm)]   ---* [cm punk on art of wrestling!!](/2njv7o)  * [if you enjoyed survivor series, buy the network](/2n9ks1)  * [miz is proud.](/2n8bo3)  * [can we all take a minute to appreciate tyson kidd's shirt from today's nxt?](/2nmnm2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stockmarket** [[full report](/2o0o1z)]   ---* [u.s. markets ytd comparisons chart going into december...](/2nrklg)  * [why the hell is the s&amp;amp;p 500 doing so well right now?](/2nbylv)  * [sears closing more stores in 2015, 8000 layoffs since november](/2n9y8l)  * [iyt +22% since the october 15 low](/2no5th)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/technology** [[full report](/2o12k2)]   ---* [scientists urge governments to turn old tv frequencies into free super wifi](/2n9raf)  * ["mark cuban made billions from an open internet. now he wants to kill it"](/2ndo2b)  * [elon musks consistent success with spacex, tesla, and paypal (all across varied tech sectors) sprouts from his willingness to put his bold corporate vision before greed and the short-term demands of his shareholders, says business theorist don tapscott](/2n99y2)  * [nintendo files patent to emulate its gameboy on phones](/2ns1x6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/youshouldknow** [[full report](/2o0nvp)]   ---* [ysk that the calm act, designed to prevent television commercials from blaring much louder than the regular program, has a tattle number and needs viewers to help report non-compliance.](/2ndjix)  * [ysk nutella is not particularly healthful, and you'd probably be better off putting chocolate frosting on your bread (nutrition comparison in text)](/2nl642)  * [ysk about theuselessweb.com. it takes you to a random, useless website and is the best cure for boredom i've found.](/2n9c23)  * [ysk the holidays can be the best time to apply for jobs](/2nrwf6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
my family pulled me out of school when i was 12 to start working. at 18 i managed to get in to a university in the us (i'm canadian, it was my mom's old school and the only one she'd sign the papers for) only to flunk out in less than a year.since then i've been grinding away at retail and service jobs. in an astoundingly stupid move i quit my most recent job on the spot after a severe panic attack on black friday.i've decided to stick it out here in alberta until my lease is up in the spring. i'm applying at a maid service to pay bills until then but after that my plans are nothing but smoke.  i can't stay here; my family is toxic and terrible and i have to get away from them. i'm 25 years old. as dramatic as it sounds i can't go on this way. i was thinking of applying to trade school but i don't have a clue how to go about even picking a trade that i could handle. a part of me is afraid i'm not smart enough to succeed at it and it'll just be another failure in a long list of them.construction, painting, and any jobs involving close proximity to fumes are non-options because of my severe asthma. i'm also a pretty physically weak girl with a messed up back. are there even any trades that aren't incredibly physically demanding?i just want a career more appealing than the bottle of painkillers in the medicine cabinet.editwoah, thanks to every who replied! you've handed out some solid advice. to those who said to get myself together first i agree with you - i've got until april to make any big decisions. i think i need a little time to recover from my courier job working 12+ hour days which pretty much robbed me of any energy for hobbies or interests this past year.coding sounds interesting and i've plunked away at code academy before but always get stuck on something. i think i need an in-person instructor to point out where i'm going wrong so i'll see if there's a free class at the library or something.i will take some time to talk things over with the local community college. maybe take an aptitude test or audit a few classes. locksmith, hvac and drafting technician have some appeal to them. dental or medical assistant type jobs sound steady and low stress but i know i wouldn't want any aspect of my health relying on a person like me. thanks again. you guys rock.++$++25
hello,first of all, i am terrible at story telling because my thoughts are overwhelming. i am 21 years old, male.i am depressed for several years. it started when i was about 5 or 6 years old. i was an ugly child and had no siblings to play with. school time was hard and my parents are also depressed and aggressive people. my father is a weak man and i never knew how to behave with other people because my parents are bad in social talking too. especially my life from 6-14 was pure horror as you can imagine. i dont want to go into details but many bad things happened and i never had anybody to talk to. i didnt talk to my parents because i noticed in a early period of my life that both of them are shit crazy. my grandparents are also really werid, especially the side from my mother. also many of family members are depressed and unliked people.i tried to change my life and i did it good. i found some friends to make party and get out of my circle of pain a little bit. from an objective point of view my life isnt bad. i got a girlfriend since 2 years and my grades at the university (mechanical engineering) are good too. i go to the gym 1 time per week and make yoga.but i still feel like shit. its like my bad childhood is still in me. i cant feel happiness, i just cant and i was never able to. i have the stuff that society wants me to have and i dont know what i can do more. i was never really able to enjoy my life. no matter what i do i am depressed and in thoughts about my miserable feelings. i have tinitus since 2 years, my hairs fell out, my teath are bad, my vision is bad, i have backpain. i am aging much faster then anyone else because the only feeling my brain can produce is sadness. i feel like nothing can help me anymore and i dont know if its time for me to end it. i am trying for more than 5 years now to except that the bad times in my life are over and i dont have to be anxious anymore. i tried it with diary, self diagnosing, talking to the therapist,... but its not getting better. my head is full of thoughts and feels like it will explode. my tinitus is so fucked up loud and never stops ringing. i feel like going insane a little bit.i am desperate.++$++21
hello,**why any role?**you may think it's strange that i put any role, but honestly, i'm not maining any particular role at the moment. soloq just irritates me in that sense so i'm going back to playing ranked 5s for both enjoyment and serious play.**about myself*** my name is alex* i am 18 years old (but as of december 11th, 19 years of age)* i'm from the united kingdom* i study at univeristy but nothing i have no major work at the moment. although this takes 100% priority over league.* i am online almost everyday (no life)**champion pool*** top: rumble, jax, kassadin, lulu, ryze, zed.* jungle: elise, pantheon, jarvan, kha'zix, vi, udyr.* mid: ahri, xearth, orianna, syndra, twisted fate, ziggs.* adc: jinx, lucien, corki, sivr, twitch and vayne.* support: thresh, janna, nami, bruam.**important details*** username: godiyke (i not an l). please message me in game!* i have skype and teamspeak with a fully working mic.thanks, alex.++$++18
hi, i've got a problem with my knee and was wondering if anyone could point me in the right direction as to what it could be.probably last friday i noticed a slight pain in my knee after i'd been running, the pain was all focused around the inside of my kneecap, right on the edge of the bone and hurt to touch, thankfully saturday was my rest day so i didn't run and i woke up sunday feeling fine. i did my long run with no problems, then again once i'd finished i had the same pain in the exact same spot, only slightly worse this time. i then went for my run yesterday and for at least the first 5 out of 9 miles i could feel the pain in my knee although it seemed to subside a little after 5 miles and by the end of my run i felt fine, up until the point where i finished running and the pain came back again, only this time worse than it ever has been. i was just wondering if anyone had any ideas what this could be? the pain definitely gets worse if i sit around for a while as my knee seems to stiffen up then when i walk again it feels much worse for a little while until it loosens off. if anyone knows what this could be and how i could help fix it and also what i can do in the meantime that wouldnt aggravate it too much because i don't really want to just sit around a let it stiffen up.incase it helps i'm 19 years old and male, currently comfortably running around 55 miles a week, finished a half a week ago and was looking at building my mileage up slowly to train for a full after christmas... until this happened at least.++$++19
i've had my period since september. i can't go to the doctors because, i moved from new york to flordia and had to get new insurance. i'm currently waiting for them to approve me. this never happened to me before, i do tend to have irregular periods but i would sometimes miss a period thats all. never before would i stay on my period for months. i've had irregular periods due to taking risperdal, even tho i'm off it now and i've been off it for years. ever since i took it my periods have been wacked up.and recently it gotten heavier bleeding where i have to change my tampon two-three times a day for the past two weeks. what is wrong with me?edit: i'm 20 years old. korean, and black. 5'6. current medications: paxil. been on it for at least 3 years.++$++20
hello my friends,i'm 15 years old and i'm trying to build my first gaming pc. at first i would like to say my english is not on professional level cause in from poland and sorry for it. going to the thing, already i have pc from ~2006 who can run only cs:go on 30fps (15fps with teamspeak 3) and gta: vice city. my budget is 600 pounds and my new rig will be destined to play newest games, talking with friends, making graphic in photoshop, listening to music and doing basic things on pc. i've chose these components:[http://uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/qm9yyc](http://uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/qm9yyc)i would like to hear what do you think about it, if there are better components in this price (&gt;600) i will be happy if you will write about it. cheers,kevin.++$++15
hi,i went to my doctor to check if there is any evidence of low t in my blood. instead of discussing the values, my doc just called me and said that everything is fine and my problems are just in my mind. i don't even know what kind of testosterone got tested, free t, overall t or the other one. it just says "test" in the results.test= 3.17 ng/ml; norm. 1.42 - 9.23several other values are listed aswell but i have no idea what they mean. if you want to i can post all of them, but for now i think that the t value is the most important.i have all of those common symptoms related to low t.plus:i am 21 years old and still a virgin -.-. never even kissed a girl. people always tell me that i look like a 16 year old boy with a big butt.i am about 180 cm tall and weigh 89 kg.i've been working out for 2 years now, bought myself a bulletproof vest (13-15 kg) and i run with that thing 3 times a week for about 5 km per run.6 times a week i try to gain muscle mass in my upper body with low reps (6-10) at the gym.i don't smoke, i don't do drugs and rarely drink alcohol (twice a month maybe).i eat healthy, a lot of proteins and other stuff you need to build muscle mass.but no gains so far, still got a big butt and little to none muscle mass in my upper body. i plateaued after 4-5 months lifting i guess.when i was a teenager i really didn't care about the opinions of other people or anything like that. i was a huge nerd and played videogames all day long. i had trouble in school and got bullied.i don't know what it was, but at the age of 19 i decided to live my life and not just simply exist. i started lifting and got in shape(as far as possible). i try to get a girlfriend. but i get rejected on a weekly basis. i know that girls want a strong man and not a weak boy.i just feel like everyone tries to fuck me over. the whole universe is playing a sick game with me.i tried to commit suicide in february this year, but the 9mm was a dud. it was a problem with that one cartridge in the chamber so it didn't fire, luckily. i couldn't push myself to pull the slide back and try again.i hope someone here is able to help me. english is not my first language. don't lynch me, please.++$++21
thanks for opening my thread! i'm lindsey, and i'm 20 years old, bi, and horny. i'm 5'6", slender and busty, with red hair (dyed from blonde) and blue eyes. i'm a little on the nerdy side, being fluent in both pokemon and legend of zelda. i really need an outlet so that i can release some of this tension that i've got building up. i'm really horny, and need a good bit of inspiration so i can bust my toys out. i love dirty chat, roleplay, and sharing porn.right now i've got a certain idea on my mind that i would love to rp with someone: i want to (potential ageplay) find out that my daddy has an absolutely massive cock....maybe i catch him jerking it (kind of cliche, oh well) or fucking mommy or some other bimbo. then i want him to show me all the fun a girl can have with a big dicked daddy! (maybe even while mommy watches)i'd also love for a dominant mommy to be so pent up that she decides to use my big brother and i for her own sexual ends, making us put on shows for her and service her, even though we're not very experienced yet.things i'm into: light bondage, ageplay, incest, non-human, hentai, big cocks, sizeplay, cumplay, toys, and exhibitionism/voyeurism.things i am decidely not into and prefer not be mentioned: breeding, blood, scat, and piss.i'd love to get a big red envelope from you full of inspiration so we can start working together to get each other off!++$++20
i'm 15 years old, and my greatest desire in life is to be a priest. i am never happier than when in church, especially when i am participating in the mass. i am always ecstatic when ever my priest asks me to do something, and whenever i do i wish so dearly that this could be what i do for the rest of my life. there is just one small problem. i'm a girl.i have accepted, unhappily, that i can never be a priest, but as far as i can see, there is no role for women clergy in catholicism. am i wrong, or will i have to accept that i can never truly devote my life to god?edit: i appear to have caused a lot of offence with my "devote my life to god remark". that was poorly expressed, perhaps a better way to say what i meant would be, to devote my life to god in the way that i have observed and admired so dearly. on a more positive note, thank you all very much for your advice and guidance, it has been incredibly helpful and has certainly given me a lot to think about. thank you all and god bless.++$++15
looking for players to team up with. for communication we use curse voice.i am 15 years old and i am from finland. i main adc, but as a team i can play any role, top being my weakest.edit: even tho im from finland, you dont have to be :d++$++15
i'm 19 years old and this is my first semester of attending university. since the beginning of the semester, my mental and physical health have gotten progressively worse. schoolwork and the lack of a support network has really left me unable to cope with stress. i don't know how to talk to people and i can't discipline myself to succeed.i'm laying in bed right now just thinking about how fucking dissapointed my parents would be in me. 4 days ago, when i returned for thanksgiving break, i was on the brink of jumping off a bridge, and i wish i had done it. i'm back at the same old routine and i can't even focus on studying for finals. i'm so burnt out and pathetic, i just want to quit forever.++$++19
devil egg(not allowed in murrica):http://fabzilicious.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/fabzilicious_kinder-surprise-egg_open-with-surprise.jpg++$++23
hello :) my name is rasmus and i run the twitch channel "dunnohowlol" i am an avid user of reddit and thought i should introduce myself here to get to know the "unofficial" twitch subreddit. ----- **channel:** http://twitch.tv/dunnohowlol- **schedule:** most weekdays from 8:00am pst to whenever i stop. (16:00pm in london) as i am from europe my schedule is going to look a bit weird to you muricans.- **games:** cs:go, league of legends, borderlands 2, wow. i am open to try something new though  - **goal:** my goal is just to have fun with it. i didn't start out to get big or anything. i just tried it out and (very) quickly realized that i love it :)  ----**background**i am 20 years old and live in denmark, i only stream in english though. i have always loved computers and have played games for as long as i can remember. i love to talk and interact with my viewers and i have made many friends along the way. come check out the stream if any of this appeals to you !++$++20
so i'm close to the end. i know i need to grind it out to gave seppiroth. unfortunately, i missed some important spells like haste along the way so i'll have to backtrack. i sort of know the ending already from watching advent children with the planet rising up. i haven't played in a month. is it worth continuing?++$++17
wow. i hope i'm that articulate and sharp when i'm 86 years old.++$++86
i'm 24 years old and i'm still not sure what i'd like to do career-wise. i have a bs in applied math (with a specialization in modeling) and am currently in a similar ms program that i'm considering not continuing with.i post this in /r/jobs because i have no clue how to begin to decide what i'd like to do as a career. currently, i teach math, cs and robotics at a well known tutoring center and i can adamantly say that teaching is nothing i could be happy with in even just the short-term.i love math, especially modeling, but i'm also a fan of programming, systems administration and other such things. looking into careers that make use of those topics (both individually and combined), i see nothing that really interests me. a lot of them (data science, etc) require a heavy statistics background for their modeling, and as interesting as stats is, my stats background is anything but substantial. my preference for modeling is in dynamical systems, not stats.i'm not so much looking for an answer currently, but just some advice on where to look and what i should be looking for. if asked, i could probably share my resume and location in a pm.any thoughts are welcomed!++$++24
hey /r/flying,this is a throwaway account.  i'm 18 years old and i'm extremely proud of my brand-new ppl that i've been saving up for since i was a little kid.  i want to fly for a career, and my two main options are looking like university of north dakota and purdue university.  i like purdue far better, but it's far more expensive.  i'm going to be completely honest, the money isn't an issue in my family, but if there's absolutely no difference between the two schools and one is far less expensive, why would i go to the other?  just wondering if any grads of either school are out there who can try to convince me one way or the other.  i've already applied to both and am awaiting responses, but my grades are pretty good so i expect to have no issues with admission.ps: please don't bother giving me the standard "blah blah blah don't get an aviation degree", i've heard that enough times before.  i know what i want.++$++18
when i was trying to decide with which programming language and technologies to start first, what i did was check job sites for requirements. what i found was that whenever they were asking for a php developer they would almost always list photoshop in the requirements, a thing that an asp.net or ror job ad will rarely if ever have.i have a friend who also encourages me to learn photoshop because "learning how to chop designs in photoshop and build them in css/html is critical for getting your foot in the door in this industry". how true is that? would you advice to try to learn photoshop even if i suck as a designer?++$++33
researcher log (12-2-14-g35):all tests are proving normal. because of this we were told they want to move on to human testing as soon as possible. the issue is that our wonderful administrators wont read most of the reports due to the graphic nature. while the rats are showing controlled mutations, the side effects are.not something they would share with the good christian investors. today coming into the lab i found subject 34f and 76m trying to mate again. how 34f broke free from her metal bar cage and climbed up to 76ms isolation chamber is still under investigation. i suspect the telekinetic mutation on 76ms part. but they were never so eager to mate before the trials. its a clear sign of the mutagens effecting more than what they are supposed to. while they are insisting on pushing to human trials, we get to hire a new college. this will no longer be myself and a too old to read labels lead researcher, time for some fresh blood, and hopefully another grad student.  lord knows we need all the help we can get.*this is my first post so please forgive any dyslexic issues. i am looking for a semi-long term partner who is willing to bs some science and sex! yeah! post format would be long style, where there can be reasonable control over other person's character. (ex: "while he was interviewing me i noticed he kept staring at my chest." not: "and then he just wiped it out and started dancing!") my only real limits are vore, scat, watersports, and death.*++$++23
hi, i am 23 years old guy. i am +175cm tall and my weight is 55-58kg. i have really hard problem with **gaining weight**. i could eat big pizza every day and didn't get fat. i eat junk food sit before computer all day long.i tried some pushups for some time. my averge is between 10-20 but i think without good diet and balanced exercise i can stand in place.edit. i never tried to be fitness but i wanted to give a shot with small steps.++$++23
special orders lady, now i've only just found out. apologies if it's a repost!++$++25
i'm 20 years old and i don't even know if this is feasible, i dropped out of university over here and i'm currently in a full time job which i hate. my girlfriend and i both dream of moving to the us and it's the only thing which gets me through my days at work. do you need a college level education before anyone in the us will employ you? if so, can i join a us college as an international student using my a-levels (us high school equivalent) grades? i don't even know where to start but leaving this country for a dose of freedom is all that i ever think about.++$++20
good morning ladies of dpp.  michael here.  i am 38 years old, standing tall at six foot five, a toned runners build (200lbs), thick black hair, warm brown eyes and smile i've been told is hypnotic.as the title of the post says, i'm a ladies man.  i love women, and they seem to love me.  maybe its because i give them the attention that others do not, maybe its because i spoil them with fancy dinners and fine clothing and jewelry, or perhaps my confident and dominant personality, maybe its simply because i fuck them like they've never been fucked.all the women, whether they be the housewives, the high school seniors, the cougars, the librarians, whomever...they all know and talk about me.all except one...my wife.----------i am looking for an intelligent, creative and passionate female roleplayer to join me as i make my way around the neighborhood.  you would play multiple roles of your choosing.  all of whom i'd seduce.i am all about foreplay and build up. my kinks are: light bondage, spanking, dirty talk, light pain, and teasing, among others.my limits are age play (under 18), scat, gore, snuff, and anything else of the like.i look forward to hearing from you.++$++38
hello! my name here is carebox and i'm an alcoholic. **intro:**i'm 21 years old and have attended meetings regularly since i was 19. the first 8 months after my first meeting i relapsed all the time, while slacking in the steps and not reading the book (read: my sponsor told me to do this, i didn't and lied about it). after about 6 months i told my sponsor that i wasn't willing enough and told her to stop sponsor me, and went out to drink again. the 25th of august 2013 was my first real sobrietydate, i changed sponsor and was like "yes captain" to everything she said, and really worked it. when i was 7 months sober i started doing my amends. the first five or so went fast (like one to two per week) and then everything stopped. people who i reached out for didn't answer or declined. according to her it also could do more harm than good to force amends on them. like writing a letter was bad if we lived in the same city and they declined to meet over a coffee. also "i wasn't ready for step ten and eleven" since i should've done at least half of my amends according to my sponsor at the time. so, for about two months i felt like my stepwork faded away. it started with me not wanting to make more amends, then my defects of character was suddenly something i could use to succeed in life, then my hp disappeared, and suddenly i was an alcoholic who could manage my life and had full control over it. then i relapsed.**now (-ish):**this time around i worked the steps with another sponsor and went through steps 1 to 11 in three weeks, in one and a half month i started working the 12th step. we read and marked important stuff in the book, and we did it all from there. no halfmeasures, we were (and i am still) fearless and thorough all the way. step 10 and 11 gave me my higher power in a compleatly different way than step 2 and 3 did. now i trust my hp completely. and also it gave me stepwork on a daily basis. it feels like as long as i'm doing exactly this i will never drink or do drugs again and it doesn't scare me shitless. it doesn't make me feel awkward or anything like that. and i think the biggest change is that i feel stuff and it's not killing me and i'm not always acting out on the emotions. i can be sad. like pretty fucking chest crushing sad. and i can be angry, like wanting to blow up a building angry. and i can be filled with serenity and happiness.**question:**now (sober for five months) when i raise my hand as an available sponsor people comment it. one girl thought i did the steps to fast and believe my recovery is just a happy phase in the beginning, and that it won't last. another thinks i haven't been sober long enough to sponsor. but the big book says nothing about timelimits.. (except for maybe a passage in the chapter to our wives, which talks about weeks. not that explaining though)**do you people think i've done it too fast? should i start over and do it slower? should i not raise my hand as an available sponsor?**++$++21
and was killed because she was with someone with d. and monkey d. dragon become revolutionary.  would be this possible? it is like ichigo(holow, human, quincy, shinigami etc)++$++23
i'm 24 years old, living in massachusetts, have never owned a car, nor have i been on anyone's insurance in my lifetime, and i am ready to lease a new car. i'd like to drive my newly leased car off the lot the day of signing, but as massachusetts requires drivers to be fully insured in order to own/lease, i'm confused about how i go about obtaining insurance for a car i don't even own yet. is it impossible for me to drive day of signing? can i purchase insurance ahead of time?++$++24
hello esteemed men (and visiting females) of askmen. i'm one of those guys who has always been completely useless with women on a romantic level. i've had female friends, but never a relationship. i am 26 years old.i've been out on multiple dates with a girl i met online recently, and we seem to be moving rapidly towards a relationship. we've both agreed we're not going to see other people, we have plans already made that cover the next few months. we're basically in a relationship now, just with out the label.i am completely freaking out though. i've never been some ones boyfriend. all the stuff everyone else has been learning since the age of about 13, i now need to try and catch up on at the age of 26.i know there isn't exactly a cheat sheet or anything, but does anyone have any tips or advice? i'd love to be able to be a good bf to this girl, but i honestly don't really know what that means.++$++26
i am a european and i was wondering if there any special travel cards from bank which do not have fees for withdrawing or paying by card while abroad?++$++22
(this turned out longer then i thought, sorry about that but it felt good to get this out there.)i'm addicted to hydrocodone.i'm 19 years old male and in the past 6 years i've had 4 shoulder surgeries and multiple counts of pancreatitis. the shoulder surgeries have basically all failed and only caused more issues. i've been told by my doctors that due to all the surgeries and my body rejecting what they did (anchors and a bone graft) that i have arthritis in my shoulder.i was told that after my last surgery in 2012. i went back to the doctor seeking a shoulder replacement due to the incredible amount of pain i was having. they took some x-rays and it turns out that the arthritis was developing very rapidly. i went from 8mm down to 1.5mm in 5 months. he told me it's like i was an 80 year old man who had played as a pitcher for a baseball team my entire life.he didn't want to do a shoulder replacement due to my age and how they only last 15-20 years. maybe 30 if i didn't do anything to vigorously. i have cystic fibrosis, the average lifespan for cf is 37 years. so even though i've lived about half my life already he didn't want to do it.he instead sent me to a pain specialist. the pain specialist put me hydrocodone. 30 pills at 3.5mg. 1 a day for thirty days. that went on for 2 months, pain got worse so he upped them to 60 pills at 7.5mg 2 a day. that went on for 3 months. pain got worse so he upped them again. 90 pills 10.5mg 3 a day. but by then i wasn't taking 3 a day, i was taking 6-7 a day.then my stomach started to hurt all the time. and i knew it was because of the pill but i didn't care. i just wanted the pills.by the time i finally came to my senses i was taking 10-15 hydros at a time. i took them, threw them up an hour later because my body was rejecting them and what did i do? i went and took more.i went to the doctor (not the pain specialist) and told him about my stomach pains and he had the nurse pull the records from the pharmacy and in a 3 day period i had picked up over 150 pills of hydros. (i had found a bottle that said it had a refill left from an old surgery. i took it to my mom to have it refilled  so i got that plus the 90 i got each month)he asked me how many i was taking and obviously i lied and played innocent and that maybe one of my friends had stolen some. he believed me because we had known each other for many many years. he offered to give a month worth of pills but after i realised i had actually gone through 150 pills worth in 4-5 days...thats when i realised i had a problem.i denied them and thanked him.after that day i stopped taking hydros, i just stopped going to the pain specialist. the thing is the pain doesn't stop. it's gotten to the point that i couldn't move my arm all, it would even be "paralyzed" by the amount of pain that was going through it.so i did some research and figured that marijuana could help me. so i called my best friend who smoked and asked him if he could help me. he did and not only did it help me with my pain but it helped me sleep at night (insomnia) and it helped with my depression (figuring out your life span is almost more than halved by the average person will do that to ya)i don't have a job which means i don't have money which means i can't buy any marijuana. i rely completely on my best friend (i pitch in whenever i have money but it's a single mom on a teacher salary) he's okay with this because he knows he's helping me and i also provide a safe place to smoke (non legal/medical state)we ran out of bud a week ago. this is the longest i've been without it since i started and about 2 days ago the pain in my shoulder came back. and holy crap i forgot how much this shit hurt, i never even realised i had been months without this pain until it came back.this leads to last night. my arm is completely "paralyzed" from pain, i can't move it with out almost screaming out in agony.so i head to my mom's room and ask her if she has an pain relievers. she offered me 2 of her 7.5mg hydros. i declined at first but an hour later the pain kept getting worse so i went back and asked for them. she gave me them and i took them. the next 30 minutes was filled with nothing but regret and anxiety. once they kicked in though my pain was gone...only for about 2 hours.i couldn't sleep last night the pain was so bad. so after my mom left for work i thought about going in there and taking some more, i told myself no and that i don't need them but in the end i'm still an addict to them. i went in there dug around looking for them for about 5 minutes. when i found them i told myself i was only going to take 2. i poured them in to my hand and stared at them, then i poured 2 more, then 2 more.i took 6 of them at once. now i'm sitting here typing all this out high out of my mind but pain free.i'm scared, i don't want to become what i was again.tldr: i fucked up, now i'm fucked up, and i'm scared.++$++19
this is my first year observing the advent season, and i thought it would be a good time to try to stop. two days later, and here i am, freshly relapsed. so i'm joining this community. i'd like to give my personal history here. some of it may sound like i'm making excuses for myself. i'm not. i'm just trying to be as forthright as i can.i'm 30 years old, never dated or had a girlfriend. i have been rejected more times than i can count. while i have good non-romantic relationships, women seem to find the idea of dating me unthinkable. i have a constant need for intimate interpersonal connections, and while friendships provide those temporarily, they cannot do it all the time. in consequence, i think i ask too much of my friends, wanting to be around them all the time and wanting to interact constantly whenever i'm around them.i also need physical affection (it's my primary "love language"); but that's one thing i rarely had growing up. there's nothing sexual about that need. in fact, i can imagine being celibate for my whole life if i had to be. but i can't go long without physical touch without getting depressed, which means that i have been depressed for most of my life, sometimes quite severely. i didn't get it from my parents, not so much because they were unwilling to give it as because i was always afraid of getting in trouble, and avoided them as much as possible from the age of 10 until i left their house. i have two friends who aren't afraid of hugs and affirming touches. i met one about 10 years ago; he and his wife live in another state. the other is my cousin, who lives fairly close. but she is an extreme introvert and being around me exhausts her.so in short, i'm lonely and deprived of affection. i have no shortage of friendships, but they are not sufficient to meet my needs. i understand that probably means there's something wrong with me, that i am so needy. i will be seeking therapy as soon as i can afford it, and i think i know why it happens (not going into detail, as there are possible triggers involved).but i'm not going to wait until then to try to kick the habit. i've been using it to supplement my needs for emotional and physical fulfillment for too long, and i'm at the point where i would rather be unfulfilled than continue my masturbation habits.this is the first time i've ever opened up to anyone about this and felt safe doing so. all of my pastors' "advice" drove me to despair, growing up, and none of my friends have had this problem, so they haven't been equipped to help. so, here i am. it's advent 2014 and i've taken that name in the hopes that this season will be different from all the other times i've tried to quit, and failed.++$++30
hello and thanks in advance for your help! as a little background, i'm fairly new to the field (as will be obvious by my question) and i'm currently training to move into the department at my company. the first training project they gave me was to create a single page phonebook app that allows you to enter a name/number, add it to a list, delete rows from that list, and store the list in local storage. the other rule is that all html/css/javascript has to be contained in one file (i'm assuming this is teaching me a lesson about splitting up the different parts into multiple files is a good idea). now the issue i have is that i can create the phonebook entries, which i've added as new rows to an existing table, but can't seem to get them into local storage. this is my first venture into any kind of storage, so i'm struggling and would like a little guidance on where to go next or what i'm doing wrong.edit: made changes suggested by /u/notcaffeinefree . getting it to show up in local storage now. however, every time a new row is added, it overwrites whats in the array and replaces it instead of adding onto it.     &lt;!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd xhtml 1.0 transitional//en"    "http://www.w3.org/tr/xhtml1/dtd/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"&gt;    &lt;html&gt;        &lt;head&gt;    &lt;title&gt;phonebook 1.0&lt;/title&gt;        &lt;style&gt;    #welcome {    		background-color: #0000dd;    		border-radius: 5px;    		height: 50px;    }        #welcometext {    		position: relative;    		left: 10px;    		top: 32%;    		color: white;    		font-family: georgia, verdana;    }        .header {    		font-family: georgia, verdana;    		font-size: 18px;    	    }        h1 {    		font-family: georgia, verdana;    }        #deleterow {    		background-color: transparent;    		text-decoration: underline;    		border: none;    		color: blue;    		cursor: pointer;    }                &lt;/style&gt;        &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;        	function contact (name, home, work, cell) {    		this.name = name;    		this.home = home;    		this.work = work;    		this.cell = cell;    	}        	function addrow() {    	    	    var newcontact = new contact(document.getelementbyid("name").value, document.getelementbyid("home").value, 									 document.getelementbyid("work").value, document.getelementbyid("cell").value);    		    		var table = document.getelementbyid("input");    		var row = table.insertrow(document.getelementbyid("input").rows.length);    		var cell1 = row.insertcell(0);    		var cell2 = row.insertcell(1);    		var cell3 = row.insertcell(2);    		var cell4 = row.insertcell(3);    		var cell5 = row.insertcell(4);    		    		cell1.innerhtml = newcontact.name;    		cell2.innerhtml = newcontact.home;    		cell3.innerhtml = newcontact.work;    		cell4.innerhtml = newcontact.cell;    		cell5.innerhtml = "&lt;button id='deleterow'&gt;delete&lt;/button&gt;"                            var store = [];		    store.push([newcontact.name, newcontact.home, newcontact.work, newcontact.cell]);		    console.log(store);		    localstorage["store"] = json.stringify(store);    		    		    	}    	    	    	        &lt;/script&gt;		    &lt;/head&gt;        &lt;body&gt;        &lt;h1&gt;phonebook beta 1.7&lt;/h1&gt;        &lt;div id="welcome"&gt;    	&lt;b id="welcometext"&gt;welcome to my single-page phone book application.&lt;/b&gt;    &lt;/div&gt;        &lt;table id="input"&gt;    	&lt;tr&gt;    		&lt;th class="header"&gt;&lt;b&gt;name&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/th&gt;    		&lt;th class="header"&gt;&lt;b&gt;home&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/th&gt;    		&lt;th class="header"&gt;&lt;b&gt;work&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/th&gt;    		&lt;th class="header"&gt;&lt;b&gt;cell&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/th&gt;    	&lt;/tr&gt;    	&lt;tr&gt;    		&lt;td&gt;&lt;input id="name" type="text" name="name"&gt;&lt;/form&gt;&lt;/td&gt;    		&lt;td&gt;&lt;input id="home" type="text" name="home"&gt;&lt;/form&gt;&lt;/td&gt;    		&lt;td&gt;&lt;input id="work" type="text" name="work"&gt;&lt;/form&gt;&lt;/td&gt;    		&lt;td&gt;&lt;input id="cell" type="text" name="cell"&gt;&lt;/form&gt;&lt;/td&gt;    		&lt;td&gt;&lt;button onclick="addrow()"&gt;add&lt;/button&gt;&lt;/td&gt;    	&lt;/tr&gt;    &lt;/table&gt;    &lt;/body&gt;    &lt;/html&gt;++$++23
i've been messing around with the tdee calculator and i'm trying to figure out if my jobs is what you could consider physical.i work in a dog daycare sort of business, where we are asked to walk around and run around and play with dogs all day, usual hours would be ~6 hours, but i have some 8+ hour days.using myfitnesspal tells me i average about 15,000 steps a day.would this be considered a "physical job" or is it an average job?another question about tdee, i am 18 years old, 5"11 and i started lifting back in august, i went from 210 to 225 and my lifts have been skyrocketing.given this, does 2300kcal a day sound reasonable?thank you!++$++18
hello /r/beermoney,i recently discovered of cash back sites. what these bascially do is, when you make an online purchase (can be anything from most websites even ebay,amazon,asos etc etc) through these websites you are given a small % back via paypal.for example if you purchase item x from amazon for $100 you and the current promotion is 6%, the website will you back $6 in your paypal account (or as a gift card to other websites)found it useful to save some extra money.the main 2 sites i used are:[mr. rebates](http://www.mrrebates.com?refid=1031162) -  [non ref](http://www.mrrebates.com)[ebates](http://www.ebates.com/rf.do?referrerid=tjs%2f51jsixensjn6ah1u8g%3d%3d&amp;eeid=26471) -  [non ref](http://www.ebates.com)++$++22
hey guys, i'm 17 years old and at the age of 15 i would train 5 days a week to play rugby, i loved the crap out of it, i would just relish the feeling of playing the sport and would look forward to it every weekend. that was before my acl tore. when it did i stopped all physical exercise, i did the rehab for 8 months and tried to return to football the year after (jan this year) i couldn't do it, one training session and i gave up. fast foward 11 months later to now and here i am, 105kg from 95kg at 15 (not much muscle left sadly :(). about a month ago i started to do leg strength building exercises in my home gym to rebuild confidence in my knee, monday i did my first run in forever, it felt great, i want to do it again, i miss the pain that i would feel every weekend after a full week of activity. today i intend to do w1d2.the rugby season starts in march, pre training starts in feb now, my aim is to hit that 5k and be back to where i was 2 years ago.this is my journey.if you took the time to read all of that, seriously, i love you.leverett++$++17
i was at costco a few days ago when i spotted a massive jar of castelvetrano olives (basically my crack) for only 10 bucks. without really checking them out i threw them in my cart and upon opening them when i got home, i realized they were pitted. whomp whomp. not to say they aren't still delicious, but just for snacking something about them just kinda feels... off. i guess  gnawing the meat off the pit is one of the things i loved about them, and now i have a giant jar of unsnackable olives in my fridge. i don't normally cook with green olives (though i love pasta and pizza with black ones) - so i thought i'd come get some recipe ideas from you folks - any tips on how to use these mild, salty, deliciously meaty olives in food? a friend recommended stuffing them with bleu cheese or goat cheese or marcona almonds, which i'll definitely try. but there are about two hundred in this jar - i need somethin' else!++$++24
[ hello! when i was 11 i discovered city of heroes, which i played till the end. always coming up with new characters based in anything from old celtic lore to whovian like science fiction, i am an addicted story telling junkie. i love to write and i enjoy learning obscure and weird (useless) things, hence my majoring in english and physics. i am looking for a solid rp partner for either skype or pms. i absolutely don't mind the adult fun kind of rp, but story and character are huge for me. i love taking simple ideas and making them complicated (like the government) and interesting (not like the government). i am 23 years old and male if that needs to be known. i don't want to do pics or phone numbers. i feel like the more we know about each other off the bat, the more it skews the suspension of disbelief. though we can totally become friends after a story or two, i just want to see if we can write well together! thanks for reading!]++$++23
okay so i am 20 years old, just moved out of state for work, just got my own place but i have questions/need financial helpi have no creditsociety has made me believe that getting a credit card is important, i know that a credit card really isn't that important but i do know having credit history is, i don't know where to start to build credit.issues saving moneymy month expenses are the following:- rent - $500 (see **edit** at bottom)- cell phone - $160- cable/internet - $60- utilities - $150ish- everything else (food, gas, other things i need) - $140my monthly paychecks equal out to about $1000 so i really have no way to save money, i have already cut my personal expenses to the almost nothing but i still can't scrape up enough money to actually save, what are some good tips on changing my spending habits even more to actually save money?here is my issue with saving money. **(in no way an excuse for my habits but the way i grew up certainly doesn't help)**i come from a family with a lot of money, when i was younger, if i wanted something, my parents (dad) would buy it for me. i grew up believing that money seriously grows on trees, i know that the way i was raised, has a serious effect on how i spend my money, so please, any advice to cut my spending habits even more so i could start saving money would greatly be appreciated.**edit** one thing i forgot to add, yes my rent is absurd at $500 /month, i leave work at 3 everyday to pick up my cousin from daycare for my aunt and uncle (they own the company) and to compensate me for that, i give her 500 at the beginning of each month, but she then return $200 for me at the end of the month for picking up my cousin.++$++20
hi all,not really sure where else i should ask this.i'm considering going back to school for a ms in stats, but i'm not really sure where to start. i'm 28 years old, and i currently work in the retail industry as a sales analyst. most of my work consists of analyzing and manipulating data in excel.i want to take my career further, and at this point i'm mostly just an excel wizard. i want to dig much deeper into data, and i think i can do so by moving into statistics. i feel as though i got a glimpse of all this stuff in undergrad, but sadly a ba in economics didn't really translate into landing a related career (my fault for not focusing on more quantitative courses).anyway, i don't know where to even start, or if it even makes sense to move in this direction. has anyone come from a similar background? what steps should i be taking? i live in northern nj, so i've been scoping out programs in the area. does anyone have any recommended programs? i know i'll need to contact any potential programs to figure out what classes i need to take to be eligible for the program.so... if anyone has any advice i'd greatly appreciate it!++$++28
hey, just looking to chat with some women and see where it goes.  this is new to me and i'm game for whatever. send me a pm and we can go from there.  texting would be a good start.  talk soon++$++30
hello! my name is emily and i'm 19 years old, looking another girl to exchange emails with. age doesn't really matter, anything is just fine! i love to read and knit and ride horses. i'd like to email semi-frequently, every few days, so let me know if you're interested!++$++19
could use some advice. i have a 2006 mercury milan. it has 85,000 miles on it and was told today that it needs $2,500 in repairs. dealers have said they will give me 5k in trade in on a newer car. i'd like to get your opinions. budget for a car is 25k. with 5k trade in and 5-7k down i could have a newer car. what would you guys suggest?edit: trade in assessment was before i found out how much to fix the vehicle.++$++31
it's my birthday and i just thought it'd be a nice present from the karma world to see if i connect with someone on here.  i've recently moved to hamilton and am looking to get to know some people.send me a pm and we'll go from there.++$++30
hey there gentlemen,my name is andy and i am 26 years old, 6'4, 220 pounds, hairy, blonde hair, blue eyes with soft dick sucking lips, a nice fuzzy plump bottom and a tight, virgin, pink asshole! i'm looking for a man who would enjoy a roleplay with me of your choosing:(1) rape scenario (2) dom/sub/verbal abuse (3) pissing/face fucking (4) father/son (5) teacher/student the only limit is your imagination or we could combine all the ideas together! please be able to form a sentence in your e-mails and be articulate in your wants and descriptions of what you want and who you are.i would prefer a roleplay, but in no means are you limited to this!++$++26
i just opened up a roth ira a couple of months ago with fidelity and i am trying to find out what should i invest in. i am 23 years old and make 50k a year and have other savings accounts elsewhere. if any one of you can help me with this, that would be great.++$++23
* **psn username**: butburnz* **which game (cod or destiny)**: call of duty* **ps3 or ps4**: ps3* **hours played in cod**: one to two hours daily (i work 12 hour shifts); on days i'm off, i usually play more than that though.* **city, state, country:** redfield, arkansas usa* **your local time zone**: central standard time* **what time you normally play (afternoon, evenings, weekends, etc)**: evenings, and every other weekend* **preferred game type**: i love search &amp; destroy, but i'll play anything really.* **how did you find out about our clan?**: reddit. lol.* **casual or tryhard?**: i'm a casual tryhard. i just play and let my fingers speak for themselves.* **tell us something interesting about you**: i'm 22 years old, but i'm a father of a very wonderful (but independant) little girl. not much interesting facts to talk about. i've been playing call of duty since it came out on the pc.++$++22
hello pf,i'm 21 years old, married and will be finished my 3-year advanced diploma in a week and half. classes finish this weeks and next week is exam week. i've been working in the it sphere since 15, but have never held a full-time position with benefits, etc. once i know what my salary will be, i plan to get on track with proper budgeting and saving practices along with my wife.i have a job lined up with a company that i've been employed at part-time (summers, ~10 hours a week during school) that will be turning into a full-time position. i have not seen a contract draft yet but i want to make sure i know what the company offers to full-time employees.1. i see a lot of mention on this sub about employer-sponsored matching funds or 401k's? is there a canadian equivalent, how would i ask if the company has one and what is a good minimum to put in to one of these?2. are there any other benefits of full-time positions that people don't always know about and take advantage of?3. do you have any advice for a young person that's never really been taught anything about personal finance, budgeting, etc.?i've been lurking here for a few weeks and people seem to be very helpful, i hope i've given enough information to receive some help as well!++$++21
so i've been vaping for 3 years now. i've gone through the full spectrum of devices (gas station cigalikes&lt; ice cigalike&lt; ego&lt; vision spinner and aspire clearomizer&lt; emow&lt;mech mods and now regulated!) and consider myself a bank of information with most of the current hot rdas and mods. i've taken it all apart and put them all back together again. seeing how these things tick is just as pleasurable to me as using them.i have never been a mod before, but this community has helped me out so much, and i'm jumping with joy that this branch has been spawned, fixing (hopefully) the congested nature of ecr. although my posts have been far and few between (some helpful information, and a lot of giveaways i'll be honest... who doesn't love free stuff?) it's come to the point that i'm teaching my local b&amp;m owners new things every time i'm in, be it mixing tips, new coils or information on some international mods (filipino stuff i love in particular). i want to give back to the community that's given me my lungs and sort of wallet back (... you all know how it is)i'm not even sure how these applications go down to be honest, but i would love to be part of the team, regardless how it decides to use me.i am 24 years old, and i'm a university student studying graphic design (sidebar and banner submissions in the pipe) and computer science, and am starting up my own juice line and hopefully a review crew (i don't like going at these things solo, i much prefer a groups opinion on different rdas. i feel like one person giving their opinion is less constructive than multiple people giving their honest 2 cents.)i'll be frequenting this sub hourly. i hope to see a lot of you more often.have a super awesome daydonghammer++$++24
hi i am 26 years old with 36,524.83 dollars i owe in student loans.  i pay 509.50 a month which half of goes to interest.  paying this much a month i am due to pay it off in 2022 which i am fine with.  would it be in my best interest to consolidate/refinance these loans or just leave it the way it is?they are all through the department of education however they are split up 1. 2700.72 -&gt; 3.15%2. 4968.69 -&gt; 6.55%3. 4467.76 -&gt; 4.25%4. 3136.47 -&gt; 6.55%5. 3727.04 -&gt; 5.35%6. 4354.83 -&gt; 6.55%7. 3720.66 -&gt; 5.75%8. 2410.15 -&gt; 6.55%9. 1454.16 -&gt; 6.55%10. 2043.08 -&gt; 6.55%11. 1753.20 -&gt; 6.55%12. 1649.47 -&gt; 6.55%++$++26
i'm 18 years old from the columbus ohio area , just finished high school, i've got around 5 hours under my belt so far, and i'm having issues finding the best route into commercial aviation. i'm looking to go into just about any aspect of commercial aviation, not just airlines.currently i've been considering going to sinclair community college in dayton due to money restraints, but would it be worth getting a degree when i could just get my licences through a flying club?i don't have the money to spend to goto college for something other than aviation and get training at the same time, so i'm confused as to what i should do.++$++18
i am 20 years old, living in the pacific northwest and studying at osu. i've been skiing almost my whole life, since i was 18 months, and i'm pretty good. my main mountains are hood, bachelor, and whistler/blackcomb. however, i've never had a pair of skis before because i kept growing, so it made more sense to just rent them each season. i decided this year, since i haven't grown in a couple years, and since i'm going to be going to make the trek up to whistler in the spring with some friends, that i wanted a pair of skis.* height - 6'3"* weight - 180 lbs* skill level - advanced, but not extreme. i've done every marked black and double black on whistler/blackcomb (with the exception of some of the horseshoes) and hood. however, i'm not a cornice jumper, at least not comfortably yet. i'll go over ones that have a nice soft landing when there's a good base, but i chose carefully what i want to jump.* i ski mainly pacific northwest, e.g. hood, bachelor, whistler, crystal etc.* i ski mainly steeps, some deeps, but am looking for a ski that can function all over the mountain, because sometimes i ski with my family.* i haven't had any skis before, so i can't really comment. only skis i've rented before have been basic solomon sets that have all blended together for me.any suggestions would be great!++$++20
alright so i'm in need of a job, and i have quite a bad situation.i'm 20 years old, i only have a ged honors, i've never had a job, and i have a criminal record.i'm very good with computers, cleaning, and manual labor. i'm a quick learner and i'm very intelligent, it's not like i got my ged out of being too lazy or stupid to stick through school. i have done volunteer work, not much but some.my life has not been going so good and i realized i just can't go to college as of now so i'm trying to get myself out on the job market to save some money.can someone help me out?edit: yes i know the title, *there.++$++20
i am 24 years old and decided that architecture is what i want to do, however i have a low university gpa due to fucking up my first couple years as a communications major straight out of high school. i re enrolled at asu and am taking the first year of required architecture courses, however my gpa wont be good enough to get into the second year, and even if it is, im not sure i want to stay here. i have a decent portfolio, or at least standard for first year students i guess, nothing crazy though. what decent schools do you think someone with a 2.4ish gpa would have a chance getting into?++$++24
i feel like this thing is impossible the more i hold back the more i think about until i want to watch a little porn and boom streak over. this cycle happens every time. if you are reading this and you felt the same way as i'm feeling and overcame those feelings and was able to have a long streak message me how you did and if your kind enough become my accountability partner. i want to overcome. thank you++$++19
hi i am new to this subreddit. i subbed yesterday. i am 21 years old and deaf. english is my second language. i realize that i am young and have much time left. whole of my life, society have taught me that it is selfish to not wanting to have a baby. everyone must have a child of own. i realized how much society has taught all of us. right now i am looking at society as if it is threat to me. maybe threat is bit harsh word but i don't know what is better word for it. /they say "be yourself." and then they judge you. the hardest battle you ever going to fight is the battle to be you. society taught me that no matter what size i am. i will never be good enough. i will always be too skinny. too tall. too short. too fat. too this and too that. what screws us up the most in life is picture in our heads of how it's supposed to be.girl: i am depressed.society: you are overreacting.girl i cut myself.society: you are looking for attention. girl commits suicide. society: we didn't see the signs. nobody cares. unless you are dead. we blame society.we are the society./i felt that society is at fault here. so i decided to become child-free. bigger reason is economy. it is really so bad here now in america. only little has improved. but for two years i still can't find god damn job. right now, i am starting to attend to college this spring. my family and i used to be middle class till my dad got hit by brain tumor and skin cancer. we quickly dropped into bottom. dad fought for 3 years and passed away. we had tough time trying to climb back up so we can have stable life again but it is really struggling. so eventually i decided to move out to live with side family so i can have better chance at going to school and make good career so i can help my family. that moment i realized i don't want to have kids. i don't want my kids to go through today society and economy is really bad already. i don't even have faith in humanity. why would i want my child to suffering through that so i decided to become child-free. i even told myself that if my future wife want to have kid, i'd bring up foster children. there are too many foster children who don't have home and family. so i guess it might will be even more tough that i will need to find a female that don't want to have kids. /in summary, reasons i decided to be child-free is because of society and economy. i felt that i will have better life with more money to burn if i don't have child. so for now, i stay child-free till i am ready to adopt one. so hello!++$++21
my first day of rs was literally on easter of 2005 when we got the rubber chicken.i couldn't believe there was a game you could play with other people online at any time since it was my first game outside of multiplayer-xbox (original)from then on i was hooked. i constantly played rs pushing myself for levels and goals and meeting new people.it even got to the point i'd fake headaches in high school to go home and play runescape on the family computer. then there was christmas when i got my first laptop, just like i used to do with my old gameboy on pokemon red, i'd wait til my parents went to bed and i'd stay up and play runescape until the morning.i met amazing people in rs, better than ones i met in real life. i grew up in a small town and when our town mill closed down a lot of people moved away for job opportunities. runescape was my place of solace and a place to go for something to do. i'll never forget the long summers without a job in highschool i'd play until my mom would yell that it was making the house hotter and shut the internet off.9 years later, i am 23 years old about to graduate college. even though runescape is a different (and better) my memories are still the same. i don't think i could have had a better childhood.i know complaints are more often than compliments because we are the vocal minority, but know everything you do is appreciated.thank you jagex for everything-a player/customer/friend++$++23
have posted a few times with no luck, let's see if i get luckywhats up reddit, i'm a straight acting and looking masculine guy looking to find a clean straight, preferably attached, guy that just wants some nsa head.i'm also very interested in finding a fun couple to play with as well.i'm 28 years old, married and white/latino. i'm in pretty good shape and i'm very very clean and ddf. 420 is ok. i can host or i'm mobile.you:clean and smelling goodnot hairyhung+white++blow n go, walk into my apartment, drop your pants, watch some porn, then blow your load. no words, just a hard cock and my warm, wet mouth.shoot me a pm with some pics for more info.++$++28
first off let me say that i am a first timer...ideally i'm looking for an experienced (older ok )loving and caring dom to guide me. i've roleplayed this a lot online and i want to take it a step further by developing an online master/pet relationship. i'm looking to specifically explore a petplay scenario. some things i enjoy:swapping/ sending pix orgasm control obedience training collars / cat ears/ tails sexy outfits cock worshippingi'm not intophysical pain humiliation name calling scat, blood, peelooking for someone who's going to engage often and frequently and who'll be patient. someone who'll give me sexy tasks and who'll reward his good kitty with a collar or toy. because of this i ask for single men only. as i would like to communicate through phone, face time, kik, etc.now about me: i'm 24 years old. i'm a gorgeous and curvy latina with long brown hair and big brown eyes. i look best in a pearl collar and a matching pearl g string but once daddy sees me he knows what he'll want to dress me in.my gonewild account is /u/fattykittymeow++$++24
i need to share my joy with someone.i'm 23 years old and have been suffering from chronic pain the last 10 years - and nobody believed me. i've done everything i could, but since the doctors wouldn't believe me there wasn't much i could do. i took so much ibuprofen that i gave myself gastritis just to try and handle the pain.we recently found out that i have arthritis in both of my hips, my femoral heads are not how they should be, i have a labrum tear in my left hip, and bursitis on both sides. i was told i'll be having an entire hip replacement before i'm 40.after trying several other courses, my orthopedic specialist ordered cortisol injections straight into my hip joints. i'm now 6 days post-injections and i have no pain. =dbefore i couldn't go up stairs easily, get out of my car, shop at the mall, stand for more than 10 minutes...and now after 10 years i can finally do all of those things. i have my life back. i think i'm going to cry.++$++23
hey everyone,the simple answer to the titled question is yes. nearly everyone will say it. however he is the deal. i have a degree. i'm 25 years old and work in the manufacturing industry. i graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering technology. this last part is important. i currently work for a small company designing custom automated manufacturing equipment. most of the time i design, do the engineering, drafting, purchasing, and oversee installation myself, all of this is while working on 2 or more projects at the same time. very fast paced environment with a lot of hours and around here it is normal to work 6 days a week. my job title is mechanical engineer. i do not feel worthy of such a title, this is what it boils down to. i did not take calculus 3, differential equations, or linear algebra. most of my other classes were similar to the me program but still not quite to the same caliber. larger companies or government positions won't hire me because i do not have the me degree and only have an met degree. that being said i love what i do, but hate the hours. it is not somewhere i plan to retire from, and never has been as the benefits and retirement plans are not good. so here is the portion that i need help on. i've found a bsme degree as well as a bsee degree online that is accredited by abet from und. both are 6 years and i am not sure what i can transfer from pu. while i do not make as much as most engineers i am hourly and work a lot so could afford it most likely. can anyone offer me advice one way or the other? i apologize if my formatting is off as i do not post often. also can be quite long winded....++$++25
[no regrets]++$++17
i'm looking for a smp server to play on for fun. i'm 16 years old and my ign is luke1231.i want a good server with an active community to play with and enjoy my time on. i'm decent at building but i'm better at building projects like farms and that type of stuff.because 350 requirement.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa++$++16
i'm currently dealing with a nasty breakout and it's especially frustrating because my skin had been pretty clear for the last couple of years, occasional pimple but nothing to get worked up about. i, like many of you, decided to take charge of my own skincare and after a lot of research and this community i finally found a routine that worked for me. until now...i got restless and after reading about all the awesome-sounding products on here and /r/asianbeauty i decided to try a bunch. bad idea...i now have a zit the size of a corn kernel on my brow, several painful whiteheads along my jawline and a few on my cheeks.  :(guys, i know that it is fun to try new stuff but don't forget about introducing one product at a time!!! i honestly thought because my skin was clear for so long that i wasn't acne-prone anymore. ha! i forgot that other cardinal rule, you can't "cure" acne, you can only keep under it control. in my excitement, i started using an essence, a new sunscreen, sheet masks, and pocketderm. just typing this i feel like a fool.i read a comment on here that was to the effect of people thinking their skin was worse than it actually was. i think i got caught up in the pursuit of "perfect" skin and realistically i have to consider i'm 40 years old and genetically i will never have that smooth baby butt skin on my face (that sounds so weird haha)! at best, clear and acne-free and mostly free of pih, which is not even close to terrible! i guess i just want to remind everyone that if your routine is accomplishing what you set out for it to do, leave it alone! if you do want to add things, do it one product at a time!tl;dr i screwed my face after clearing it up of terrible acne by adding a bunch of stuff at the same time...grrr!++$++40
my name is hailey. i'm 28 years old and i've come to the conclusion that either i'm losing it or my house is trying to kill me. matt thinks it's the former, and i'm pretty sure he's an idiot. he hasn't seen what i have or heard the voices that whisper through the walls. he hasn't seen the way the pictures flicker and contort into malicious grins or how the doors move on their own. i need some help or i'm terrified i'll end up here alone.but i digress. it all started happening a few days after we moved in. matt and i had gotten married two years ago after he had paid off his student loans and i still had 10k left over. we had originally promised that we'd wait to get hitched until after it had all been paid off, but we figured waiting another four years was less than desirable. we scrimped and saved for two years after, trying to save up for a small family home. we moved in much quicker than i thought we would because i got pregnant and we wanted to be settled well before the baby came. we had found a few houses within our budget, but had opted for the cheapest when push came to shove, and besides, we liked it.we settled for a simple red-brick ranch house in the middle of a more forested area in a little cul-de-sac. i loved it for it's particularly homey look, and for the way that the sun light gleamed off of it and it's spindly dying vines reminding me of a roaring fire.we moved in two months back when the leaves started falling. they were all over the lawn, casting everything in magnificent shades of crimsons, golds, and colors of greying embers. the ranch had a simple look to it. the only fancy thing about it was the wooden porch out front that i couldn't wait to put potted plants and wicker furniture on. matt thought we should wait because we'd have to take it all down in the winter, anyways. i suppose he was right because a few days ago it started snowing.i quickly got to know our neighbors within a few days. they were all very nice and the community held a nice mix of elderly grandparents and budding young families. the nights were just as good. we ate takeout and played games to keep us entertained before our cable and internet was set up. when games got boring, we got familiar with the concept of being vocal during sex now that we didn't have to be mindful of neighbors and paper thin walls. i felt comfortable.but then it started.matt was gone for work that day. he had been fortunate enough to find a nine to five within a few months of graduating college while i had yet to find anything but temp work and short term contracts that graced my lap every few weeks. matt calls it the luck of the writer, which i can't say i disagree with too much. i was at my laptop listening to a new track i had found while i had procrastinated to find a good hook to real in readers when the voice suddenly came. it was faint at first. a low rumbling whisper of a man that i heard play at the corner of my ear. i looked over, startled, and saw no one. i paused my hands at the keys of my keyboard and waited. i heard nothing and looked back at my screen, deciding my ears had been playing tricks on me. i returned my attention to the keys and typed a few more minutes when i heard it again - only this time it was a louder. the mans grumbling rumbled in my ears, yet under that i could hear the faintest whisper of a woman who was hurriedly saying something in a language i didn't know. from down the hall i heard a door slam, and that's when i bolted from my chair and ran out of the house. i heard another bang from the chair hitting the floor and in seconds i was in my front lawn looking up.which shaky hands, i grabbed for my phone in my pocket and punched in matt's number. i held the phone to my ear and my eyes dashed from window to window. matt's voice clicked on the other end, "hey hun, i'm busy. can i call you back?""someone's here!" i shouted. i heard his breath stop short."what?""someone. people. a man and a woman. they're inside whispering!" i spat out, not knowing how to explain how it sounded like the words were being brushed against my ears, yet they had been no where around. "call the police. go next door. i'll be home soon." the phone disconnected and i placed it back in my pocket. i ran next door and banged on it. when mrs. beetie - a little old lonely lady who had lost her husband a few months prior - opened the door. i quickly explained the situation and her already pale face grew whiter. she stepped aside and let me in, locking the door behind her. i called the cops and waited - looking out the window - for their or matt's arrival. the blue and red lights came first with matt trailing behind by a few minutes. he had me stand on the sidewalk as he let the officers in. about a half hour later, they exited the house and approached matt and i from the sidewalk. "we could find no disturbance." the taller and older of the two policemen said.i looked back at them with surprise. "how is that possible?" i asked, annoyed, "i know i heard people in there! did you check the attic? the basement?" they nodded, "so *how* couldn't you find anyone?" i barked."well," began the younger of the two as he cast a look at the older cop. the older one coughed and nodded as the younger turned back to us. "is it *possible* you misheard the voices as the music you were playing?""*ex-cuse* me?" i asked incredulously."well, it was playing when we entered the home," said the younger man with a shrug. "your husband said you just moved in and are expecting, correct? you could just be shaken up. it's pretty common with soon-to-be moms."i felt matt's arm encircle my shoulder and tug me close to him. i glanced up at him to see him looking down on me with cautiousness. "well, that does make sense, right? you *can* get worked up sometimes."i puffed out my cheeks, angry that he would have accused me so quickly of overreacting. it had only taken him a few seconds to turn on me when someone with authority decided i was being silly. as if sensing that matt would be put in the dog house, the younger of the two cops quickly took a step forward. "well, it's possible they slipped out the back door when you ran out. maybe you spooked them. so tell ya what: i'll give you my information and if something happens again, you can either call the station or me personally and i'll take care of it.""thank you officer," began matt, "but that won't be necessary.""no," i interjected and forced myself away from matt by moving from his grip, "i want it - just in case."**a few days later i was in the nursery, painting it a pea green. we wanted to keep the gender a secret so i decided to stick with a neutral color that wouldn't make matt "sick" (like the lemon custard yellow i had wanted). i had just finishing getting some of the drip off my paint roller when i heard the voices again. this time though, i could hear them clearly."you're worthless. a piece of shit. paint it away. paint it." it was the same garbled voice of that man. deep and low and slurred like some drunk playing grab hands at the bar. i looked around but heard nothing."fuck you... little.. fuck.... girl." the woman's voice lulled, overlapping with the slurs of the man."gonna die. gonna die..." the man repeated."it hurts... it hurts..." whispered a child."where are you?" someone screamed. maybe it was me, but i swear it was a man.i dropped my paintbrush and ran from the room, running through the halls to my room when matt met me in the hallway and grabbed a hold of me. "what's wrong?" he asked.i tried replying to him, but i realized my voice was filled with phlem and tears and i couldn't choke anything out other than, "they're here!" and pointing toward the nursery. matt let go of me and dashed through the hall. i waited there, limp. i was trying to get a hold on myself.i saw him come back to me as he asked, "was it the nursery?" i nodded dumbly and his face paled. "come on!" he said as he grabbed my hand and pulled me with him. we ran out to the sidewalk again and he called the cops. when they arrived, he escorted them to the nursery where a small crawlspace was. while they investigated where matt had a sinking suspicion the people had been hiding, i waited outside, watching the windows.that's when i watched the shadow skid up to the window of the nursery. a translucent, billowing thing, whose outer form was far from human. i covered my mouth to keep from screaming as i watched the curtain move.and then nothing.the shadow simply disappeared and i stood there flabbergasted. a few minutes later, the police men and matt filed out of the house to repeat that they had found nothing. i don't know if i believe them, because i hear the voices. what if they're lying to me? i know someone must be here, or nearby, messing with me. no one believes me, but then again, i don't believe anyone, either.my brain feel foggy right now. i haven't been able to sleep in a few days - well, for less than a couple hours. when i'm trying to sleep it's the loudest. virtually everything in the house vibrates, and all the walls seem to have some sort of voice seeping through the cracks. i'm so tired and scared. currently, i'm with matt in bed. he's fast asleep. he's taking me to a head doctor tomorrow. he thinks somethings wrong. like i'm having some kind of nervous breakdown - but who has breakdowns like this? i don't know how he thinks i could have possibly left the gas burner on myself, or that i'd ever mean for our pictures to break. i don't want to write anymore. there's a figure in the hallway. i think it's looking at me. i'm going to have matt shut the door.goodnight. talk to you soon.++$++28
i'm 16 years old and have recently started lifting more seriously. but as my chest have grown, i've noticed it's kinda asymmetric:  http://i.imgur.com/ipjfrvs.jpg  will it be like this my whole life or will it like... correct itself? i've also got a fairly wide gap between the pecs, and i don't want my chest to look like [this guys](http://m.imgur.com/qtrd68z) but worse, with the asymmetry.  cheers. edit: thanks for all the positive replies!++$++16
for six years i've been hanging on, or tried to. i don't know how much longer i'll be able to manage. i'm 21 years old now and six years ago my life stopped. long story short, sister committed suicide, abusive alcoholic dad who drank himself to death shortly after (out of guilt, no doubt) and my mum moved away after she got depressed and left me on my own. i've been living isolated ever since. i tried to get out of isolation this year but failed over and over. i can't find a job because i have bad rheumatism and i sometimes self harm and the scars scare people off so i don't have much money, i have no friends or phone contacts, i have nowhere to go because there's nobody out there for me. i felt better during summer but now i just want to kill myself again. i haven't celebrated a holiday in years but now i joined secret santa in the hopes of finally making someone happy, even if it's just for a few days. i don't know what to do anymore. i've tried therapy (and lost all my savings to it), tried medication, tried suicide and failed but i just want to die. i'm sad every single day, i'm lonely and sad and i want it to stop. i'm sorry if this post is a mess. it's my first reddit thread and if i'm honest i've been crying again so my mind's a bit fuzzy right now. ~~feel free to message me directly if you have questions or want to talk or whatever, it's much appreciated. i don't know if i'm even allowed to say that but there you go.~~++$++21
my pc spec is motherboard: asrock 980de3/u3s3gpu: nvidia geforce 650 gtxcpu: amd fx(tm)-6300 six core overclockingsingle 8gb ram stick. lg flatron ew224 1920x1080 60hzos: windows 7 64 bit/i already plan to buy one more 8gb stick of same brand. i am looking at few video cards for at least $200-$250. i can't decide which is good for me. i am thinking on waiting till next monday for cyber monday sale or buy them tomorrow. so please help, my brothers and sisters! http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16814150705http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16814500312http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16814125496++$++21
really cool hat.++$++24
i'll be checking kind exchage and value village but is there anywhere else i should check? i'm looking for a nice looking, modern briefcase  that's around $100 (is this a reasonable price)? it doesn't have to be leather. preferably available at a physical shop and not online - though i have checked out ebay and kijiji i'm just apprehensive about buying something used and costly online.i'm out of my depth here!++$++20
hey, i'm usually bored during the christmas period. i'm not really close to my family so i don't mind being away at christmas. i'm volunteering for one week for crisis during the christmas week, but i have 2-3 weeks after that to kill before school starts.i'm a 16 year old, male, from london. i've been lurking around this subreddit for a while and it seems that most people are 18+, usually 19 or 20. understandably this is gap year age and so they have a lot of time and more opportunities. but someone that is a little younger would be able to relate much easier, especially if from the uk.++$++16
i'm 14 years old and since christmas is right around the corner i need book suggestion to ask for, for christmas. i like really morbid, scary, and dark books. for example my favorite books are the long walk, fight club, and battle royale.++$++14
hello everyone! i'm 23 years old from arkansas and i graduated in 2013 with an ir major and poli sci minor. i can speak and read french proficiently-although i'm definitely rusty, and i can speak beginner level thai. my job/internship experience is pretty limited. i worked in a fast food restaurant (eventually becoming a manager) from high school through college, i interned at the australian parliament during a semester abroad (where i researched sustainable food security), and i just got back from thailand where i had been teaching english for a year. my problem is i love to travel and explore, but pressure is mounting for "a real job" and i think i am getting ready for that. my other problem is that i have no real idea what i want to do. i have such a broad range of interests that it is really hard to narrow it down--but here is sort of where i am: i've thought about grad school, but without knowing what career or even degree i would want, its hard for me to justify the cost.after teaching in thailand for a year, i don't really think it seems like something i would want to do permanently. also my internship in australian parliament makes me hesitant towards government work, though i wouldn't completely rule it out. i love helping people which is why the idea of ngos and such sound good, but i'm afraid they'd be too similar to government in a lot of ways. the peacecorps interested me as well, but i don't think (especially just after being on the other side of the earth for a year) i'm ready for that long a commitment away from my family. i also enjoyed economics in college and took a few international econ/trade courses which i did find interesting, but i'm far from an econ/numbers/mathematics whiz. i'm also hesitant about entering law, as i'm not sure i'm interested in it enough to go through everything you have to do to get there. my questions are what really are my options? i've just recently joined the applying for jobs train, and i'm not completely sure what to do/where to look. i've applied for a job in the international department of a global retailer, i have interest in applying for ebay-per a friend's recommendation, and i've been unsuccessfully looking over usajobs, but other than that i'm just not sure where to go. as far as location, i'm not really pinned down anywhere. i love arkansas/the south, but i've got family in the viriginia/dc area as well, and i wouldn't mind at all living abroad again--as long as i could come home at least once or twice a year. family is definitely important and though i don't necessarily need to see them everyday, i can't go a year without seeing them. they've told me this on many occasions.... i'm also easy going to a fault, so i'm willing to give just about anything a shot. i just know that there is so much that i don't know, and i'm just desperately hoping someone out here has been where i am/can help guide me to where i should go. any ideas or advice or anything would be appreciated. thank you so much!++$++23
i need a private server because i am tired of not being able to build in cirtain areas not having others to take to without people spamming the chat. i would like it to be pure vanilla no plug-ins not even /home or /spawn i would like it to be a server with only about 10-15 people that are friendly not fighting, and people that arnt 1000 blocks away so that houses are relatively close to one another but far enough to have room to build.  i am 17 years old and prefer the server to be about that age, and i do have skype but would prefer not to give it out online but will later. thank you to all who reply!++$++17
i am 16 years old. i live in england. i go to a private school for boys. this past year i've given less of a shit about my studies. most of my teachers cannot teach, nearly all of my lessons are pointless. i'd be better off by myself with a textbook. i feel like everyone is against me. i bunk off school frequently and have gotten away with it every time. today i got caught with split-second unluckiness. i usually don't bunk on tuesdays, i try to power through it, i just felt particularly pointless today. it's not going to stop me from trying, i'm confident i can get away with it, and i also feel that nothing's loss - it's not like the lessons i miss are valuable anyway. if anyone's seen the movie the art of getting by, i feel like george. 'we are born alone. we die alone. everything else is just an illusion.'no one in the world cares.i have friends at school, it just seems so empty. i barely have any emotional connection to my family. we are treated like children yet expected to act like adults. it's bullshit. the education system is out of date. school is shit. either everyone is living this lie or i'm just really fucking lazy/weird.sorry if this is too aggressive, i'm being quite melodramatic. in all honesty i don't feel sad or depressed, i just feel pointless and fatalistic. also sorry if swearing isn't tolerated here. first time poster and first time reader.++$++16
i am 26 years old and a junior in college. i receive need-based financial aid and have no idea how this will affect the amount i qualify for, or how i can ensure it doesn't. i go to school full time and am a waitress who makes &gt;$16,000 per annum. i have no debt. i don't know a lot about investments or where i can put this money that it won't be looked at as income when qualifying for my financial aid. but i also don't want to tie this money up for a long time in case i need it. any and all tips or suggestions would be highly appreciated! thank you in advance!++$++26
so my internet is down at home and i don't really have any plans for tonight. i was wondering if anyone here might want to meet up for a drink or two and see where things go. a little about me - i'm 27 years old, south east asian, 5'10, black hair, brown eyes, 185 pounds, attractive. i live in manhattan but can go anywhere that is relatively close to the subway. the weather is crappy today and i figured it might be fun to try and spice up this tuesday a little. i look forward to hearing from you soon.++$++27
hi reddit.i am a person who has a lot of friends. people love hanging out with me and i love hanging out with my friends. if you asked most people about me they would say i'm extremely generous, always smiling, always looking at the bright side of life. i completely love my life in almost every way, i have friends and family who support me and i know what makes me happy. even though i have such great things in life and i look at everything with optimism, its so hard not to feel lonely every night. i am also a person who doesn't like the idea of going to a psychologist because no matter what they say, everyone judges everyone, and i'd rather open up to someone i know personally than a stranger, or anonymously such as here.i am 21 years old and male, and have never had a girlfriend. i have hooked up with girls over the years, scarcely, and have only had sex with one girl 3 years ago, drunk in a college dorm. every time i tell a girl how i feel about them, usually in a very kind, respectful, and praising manner, i instantly get the "you are such a good friend" or "i see you as a brother" response instead of them wanting to get intimate with me. that being said, throughout my life there have been a number of girls who have shown interest in me that i don't have interest back in. i know a lot of people who would have taken the opportunity to hook up with any of these girls in a second, but the way i work is if i don't like the person enough or am intrigued by them then i couldn't care less to hook up with them for the fun of it. i care about building relationships too much and not wasting time and energy on someone who i don't think i will have a relationship with. i know that part of the problem is my confidence. when i'm with a girl who i am generally interested in and like, all ingenuity goes out the window and i just worry about not sounding weird or creepy to them. i don't understand how i can be so confident in every aspect of my life except for when i'm with a girl i like. it almost makes it more stressful to hang out with them because a lot of the time is spent worrying, as well as worrying about performance since at my age i am so much less experienced than most people. another problem i have is my past, because when i was very young, pre teenager, two other boys my age (at separate occasions) tried having sexual relations with me. this was very traumatizing to the way i act now towards sexual relationships, because even though i am not gay those thoughts of those 2 people always come into mind.i go through life trying to be the best person i can be. i help people out as much as possible, show genuine interest and care for my friends, and am always respectful to people and their belongings. this past weekend when seeing my family, my cousin and her boyfriend told my parents that they have such a wonderful son always bringing the best attitude and trying to help people. i am quite spiritual and generally believe that what goes around comes around, so i always find myself wondering when will it be my turn to hold the one i love? i am always third wheeling on friends that are couples, and i am so happy to see them all happy with each other, but i also get sad at the same time in thinking that i should be holding someone by the waist also, giving all my love i can to them. the term nice guys finished last has never felt more true.++$++21
i almost posted this on suicidewatch but thought it would knock me down even further. i'd have done this on a throwaway too but i don't want to hide how i'm feeling from the one person who cares about me. i'm sorry.i'm not coping very well with anything at the moment, to be honest. my narcissist family members are driving me to the brink of insanity, bullying me and i'm unable to stand up for myself. my 'friends' appear to be two-faced and i'm becoming excluded from the friendship group. sixth form is slowly but surely killing me - i have so much work and no time to do it in. i feel constantly anxious and depressed because of all these things whizzing round me and i just think... why me? what have i done to deserve all this?i'm 17 years old ffs. i know i have a life ahead of me. in fairness, i don't want to die. i just want to erase the life i'm living and start a fresh. the one thing that's keeping me from running away and not looking back is my incredible boyfriend. and while i thank him for helping and apologise profusely for how shitty i am constantly, i'm scared that i'll lose him. i love him, adore him in fact, with everything that's left in me. if it wasn't for him, i'd have probably fucked up big time by now.today, i feel like i've been swallowed up into a big giant hole that i can't escape. my family hates me because i'm beginning to stand up for myself during their selfish narcissistic phases. they're making me feel unwanted, underappreciated, and purely just shit. i do sixth form work to escape and they're trying to take that from me too. i was cooking today and managed to slice my finger open (accidentally, i must stress), but it didn't hurt like it usually would. sure it stung, but it hurt nothing like the pain that lingers in my chest whenever something goes wrong. i've never self-harmed but i'm starting to understand why people do. i don't want to dig myself further into this hole and so i'm motivating myself to not do so. working so far.i don't know what i'm saying. i don't know how to feel or act or what to do or say or whether to just break down and cry in front of everyone and scream "help me", because help is what i'm in desperate need of. i'll try and see the school counsellor tomorrow. until then, i just wanted to rant, cry, and pray tomorrow will be a better day. i hope it's a better day to all of you too.++$++17
i'm struggling to see how exploration could be profitable in the pu beyond the initial launch. they are launching with a limited number of custom designed worlds, and, given past experience with mmos, it will be an all out race to get to all these worlds. i wouldn't be surprised if all of them are found within a week. and if they design it so that they are so hard too find that they aren't found within a week, exploration will be extremely unrewarding with the vast majority of people never finding anything!my question is, even with cig pushing new systems in somewhat regularly, how is anyone exploring planning on turning a profit? i understand that people like doing it as a hobby, but after everything is discovered, couldn't you just be doing a regular job like hauling cargo or being a merc and get to see the same sights as an explorer?++$++20
so my internet is down at home and i don't really have any plans for tonight. i was wondering if anyone here might want to meet up for a drink or two and see where things go.a little about me - i'm 27 years old, south east asian, 5'10, black hair, brown eyes, 185 pounds, attractive. i live in manhattan but can go anywhere that is relatively close to the subway. the weather is crappy today and i figured it might be fun to try and spice up this tuesday a little. i look forward to hearing from you soon.++$++27
that's what i just did... now i'm hiding in the stall waiting for my pants to dry. i'm 30 years old. how's your day going?++$++30
my parents divorced a couple of years ago and since then i've lived with my mom and my little brother in our house. i love both of my parents dearly, but man, do they have some issues.when my dad still lived with us, despite the fact that when i was younger he would "spank" us for misbehaving (by "spank" i mean anything from a simple spank on the hand to smacking so hard it left bruises, even threatening to whip me with a belt), he stopped doing it once we grew out of early childhood. i know he cares dearly about my two brothers and i, but he would often have huge temper tantrums where the aforementioned behavior would occur. i was scared of him for a long time, actually. i think a part of me still is because for some reason i can't bring myself to get too close to him (both physically and figuratively).anyway, the main reason i brought my dad up is because even though he could be scary, he also stood up for me when my mom would say nasty things about me. but now that he's moved out, i have to face her verbal attacks on my own (my older brother moved out, although he doesn't really give a shit about me or the rest of my family to be honest, and my younger brother is almost never home).i'm 19 years old, but my mom has said hurtful things to me for as long as i can remember. from remarks about my weight, to my intelligence, to my inherent worth as a person, she's said just about everything to make me feel bad. but the thing is, she does it in such a way that it's very subtle. almost like a "sly dig", i guess. she would poke my stomach and joke about my "pudge". she would always compare me to herself when she was my age in regards to everything. when i was in 7th grade, i was on the track team for my school and was a perfectly healthy 12-year-old kid. i remember her saying once that she weighed as much as i did then as she did when got married. that really was a blow to my confidence.recently, though, her verbal attacks have become much less subtle. she doesn't comment on my weight anymore because she knows she's much bigger than i am, and i actually go to the gym and do what i have to do to stay somewhat trim. but now she's found other ways to try to hurt me.last winter, my mom was out of town for the weekend, so my friend and i threw a party at my house that basically lasted two days. it was immature, reckless, irresponsible, and disrespectful of me. i know that, and my mom knows that i know that as i was apologizing to her many, many times long after she found out. i have genuinely learned my lesson. but during that time, it was like my mom didn't even want to accept me as her daughter anymore. she had somehow (god knows how) found out that i had hooked up with a guy at this party, and would constantly go on yelling rampages about how much of a "slut" i was, or how i might as well be a prostitute, or how i had disgraced myself and her, or how i was never going to find someone who loved me because i was suuuuch a raging slut. i thought she would get over it relatively quickly but this went on for months. she almost kicked me out of the house because she "couldn't stand to live under the same roof as me".earlier last year, i ended up in the hospital after a bad encounter with my mom for self-harm and suicidal ideations. she found out i had dropped two of my classes at community college and completely flipped out, telling me i was useless and never going to have a future because i was lazy and a quitter, etc etc. i have depression which comes with a very fragile sense of self esteem, so once my mom had essentially told me i was a failure i felt like she would be better off without me in her life.i'm not saying it's her fault that i ended up in the hospital. but she knew i was in a fragile state of mind and chose to say those things to me anyway. she didn't directly land me in the er, but she should have been more sensitive to how i felt.sorry for writing so much, but now that you all know some background, maybe you could give me some input. do i have the right to call her verbally abusive or anything similar? i'm afraid that most people here have it much worse than i do so maybe i'm just whining. i'd love some objective insight.**tl;dr:**my mom has said hurtful things to me for as long as i can remember and recently it was gotten worse. am i being whiny or do i actually have an abusive mother?++$++19
okay, i have no trouble getting erect so this isn't another post wondering if i should use viagra. i am not a virgin anymore and have had sex a couple times. my concern is that when i get erect, i get very hard and my penis curves upward a lot sometimes, but it rarely happens. like my penis curves to the point that i sometimes have to go in at a tricky angle to penetrate. no girl i have been with has ever said anything, but i was just wondering if this is normal or should i tell my doctor? any help/advice is appreciated. thanks!++$++17
ok, so i am not sure if this post is allowed, or if will even take off, but if so it could be an interesting discussion. i think /r/christianity is a diverse place and that's a good thing, that different types of people come together under christ. so if you wish, post your age, gender, where you live (country or state, nothing too personal), favorite hobby, and how you came to be a christian; for bonus points, if you were not were not of the denomination your are of, which denomination would you choose instead? i'll begin.i am 20 years old, male in the us; my favorite hobby is probably doodling things (anime chicks, specifically), and i was born to a catholic family. i never took religion seriously, until i came to college and actually had the time and motivation; now i spend all my time on here or gravitating to the church (seriously when i have nothing else to do i drive to mass). if i were not catholic, i would probably be a member of orthodoxy or to a lesser extent anglicanism.++$++20
been stalking this sub a long time, first post here..i bought this product a couple of weeks ago, and reeeeeallly liked it. it's kind of thick/sticky, but if you know how to work it - amazing coverage. like this was my new hg concealer! i was raving about it to my friends and everything..and now my skin is breaking out so badly. i'm talking giant, double triple zits on top of each other on every little space i used it. i'm 28 years old, and my skin hasn't looked like this in 10 years. i get hormonal acne around my moon cycle, but it's usually just one or two blemishes. this is something out of a nightmare, yall. just thought i'd pass along a warning. . may want to test it out a little before using it. gonna go crawl in a hole til this passes.. omg.++$++28
i would like to start this post off by saying that i have thought about college and it seems to be the wrong path for me in every way. i have no interest in it and i don't want to graduate, rack up debt then pay it of with my degree. i understand the value of it, but i would like to try something alternative. okay so here is what i was thinking. my brother goes to college, has a job and shares a house with 5 roommates. this is working out fine with him.i want to do basically the same thing but without the college part. i want to live somewhere like seattle or denver and work, live and explore for a while. im not sure where it will take me but i am confident that it will be a great experience and very exciting. i understand it wont always be easy and it may come along with a lot of hardships, but i am willing to take a risk.has anyone had any experience with this or any suggestions? any other thoughts would be appreciated. thanks guys. fyi: i am 17 years old, i plan to save money for a little while living at my parents house. ( a half year or so)++$++17
thank you very much.if it's a certain camera or style of one then just let me know.https://i1.sndcdn.com/avatars-000096547391-sdbehy-t500x500.jpg++$++15
happened about a week ago in sc. they saw it in my car and i just confessed and was completely honest with them. they let me go without arresting me and just gave me 2 tickets, each for simple marijuana possession and paraphernalia. i'm 20 years old and i have a clean record as i've never even got a traffic ticket before. as you may have guessed, i am completely clueless in this situation. i've been told by friends that i should ask the judge about pti and work towards getting the charges expunged or i should just take the charges, pay the fines as a misdemeanor marijuana charge "won't be taken as serious in the future". just looking for any sort of guidance in this situation.++$++20
hey community. young ent here, and i'm in need of some advice from anyone who is willing to help me out. i'll try to keep this relatively short. i'm 18 years old, fresh out of high school, looking into college, however i'm still living at home with my parents. my parents are strictly against marijauna and have cracked down on me multiple times over it. they are currently in one of their very controlling stages and i am getting drug tested very often. i have to take these tests or else they will stop supporting my education (which i care about quite a bit) and my future. i haven't smoked in over 3-4 months and i am beginning to really miss it. i'm looking for advice on ways to cheat these drugs screenings or maybe just ways to cope with not being able to smoke. these drug screenings test for thc, cocaine, my add medicine (vyvance, which has to show up on the test), and things like xanax. please keep the replies serious and thanks in advance.++$++18
my name is jennifer.  i am 28 years old and i reside in bossier louisiana.  i have lived here since june of 2014 when my now ex fiance kicked me out of the house for ptsd and black out panic attacks.for almost 20 years i kept it all together, never once showing weakness or sadness.  through almost eight years of watching my father die of cancer, being bullied by kids at my new school for being a weirdo and a bastard because my father was dead, to losing my favorite sister at 17.  even through losing my first serious girlfriend of three years at 19 to a drunk driver, my stepfather to cancer at 19, and both of my grandmothers between 18-19.  i helped my mother care for and help my maternal grandmother with dementia.  took care of my dying stepfather and did what i could for my five year old niece who had no idea how to even cry after her mother, my sister passed away.when i was 25 on my way to work i was hit by a truck on my bike and sustained shoulder, hip and wrist injuries.  the cops did nothing as they said since i could still move them and walk it wasn't a big deal. i still got up and walked my bike to work and was nly 6 minute slate.  they fired me the next day as a liability. over the last three years they have gotten worse, but my shoulder has deteriorated rapidly over the last year.now i am asking for help.  last october i went to the doctor because i started all of a sudden crying and feeling heavily depressed.  he gave me anti-depressants then sent me on my way.  they stopped working a month and a half later.  he sent me to a psychologist where i was diagnosed with c-ptsd ( because of multiple and sustained traumas during my formative years)  anxiety ( non agoraphobic) and panic attacks.  the meds worked for a while.  but i was still having black out panic attacks.  my ex started cheating on me and when i found out he basically abandoned me alone in the house for a week knowing i was suicidal.  i almost didn't make it.six months later i am in louisiana with friends in a reasonably safe environment, but i cannot hold a job till my medications get stabilized and my shoulder is fixed.i am trying to improve my life.  i will be honest.  when i was 18 i dropped out of school to help my mom take care of my grandmother, stepfather and niece.  i didn't get my ged till this past summer. i had a car and license but when i moved to houston to be with my ex, he insisted we leave the car in dallas and despite many attempts to go get it, he refused.  i now have my car as well.   i want to work again.  all these people telling me to go on disability don't know how much that would kill me.  my sister had  physical disability ( dystonia and marfans)  and she never let it keep her from working or raising her daughter.  i just need help to get back to being a productive member of society.the university hospital where i got still wants co-pays though i have no money for them.  my friends i am living with are bearing the cost of my living and i am so guilty over this as one of them has to have brain surgery soon and they do not have a lot of extra money.i know i am not a smoking hot babe, a cute cat or baby.  but please won't you consider donating to someone who wants to get better and heal her past?i am a florist, like my mother and my grandmother before me and i want to get back to doing that.  but it's a long road before i can.so if you can, please give a little.  it would mean the world to me to be able to gain my independence, mobility and peace of mind back.  i want to make beautiful flowers again and be the girl i once was.  this is my only wish in this worldjennifer aka  faehttp://www.gofundme.com/faewillfly++$++28
for those in other countries let me just give an explanation of what cma is in case you dont know.in canada we have 3 accounting bodies, chartered accountant, certified management accountant, and certified general accountant. they're all now combined (combining?) under the cpa title.i think its fair to say ca's are the best, generally speaking, but the cma is a decent designation as well.with all that said i'm wondering what my career options are at this point. i'm a financial analyst at canadian tire (the largest retailer in canada) and am making $58k. not chump change but definitely not ideal. when i started the cma program i had visions of making 6 figures soon. that's definitely not the case. the way i see it my next step would be another fa position within the company until i have 2 years under my belt. i'm guessing my next fa position i'll be making similar money, so prolly $60-65k. from there i could become a senior financial analyst, i'm guessing making $70-$75k (maybe 80k), and after 2-3 years of that become a manager. i dont know what a manager makes ($90-100k?) but it seems like a loooong hard road, not something that is a guaranteed path (nothing is guaranteed of course but i dont necessarily think its a direct path either ie 50% of fa's will become a manager). also i used to think becoming a manager is hard but do-able since in the past i've always worked for managers who've been in that position a while. but in my current role we had the manager change a few months ago and my gosh, i'm soo impressed with my current boss. she's been able to pick up stuff pretty rapidly, already seems to know my own role better than i do (its fine for her to have a high level view but to know the actual role better than me, very impressive) and knows the other 2 people in my dept's role well as well, thats impressive. but also very intimidating, i dont think i'd be able to do that in a few years time. part of me assumed it must be her past canadian tire experience that's helping her but when i spoke with her about it she said not really. as in it helped her a little bit to know the background but this role was quite different than her past one, which makes sense to me. so yeah i dont know how that happens but it makes me question whether i'd ever be capable of becoming one.sooo with that said, what on earth is our salary potential? i really dont see a direct path to $100k but even $80k seems pretty far off. i've looked at other accounting type salaries on glassdoors and i dont see anything particularly lucrative. even investment banking, which i thought was like the top of the top, seemed to have an average salary of $80k. that's it?? i thought that was among the most highest paid jobs. and to me average means like 10 years experience. interestingly enough my brother is in his last year of university right now as an engineer (he did a 16 mth coop last year) and has already been offered a job at $85k!! how the hell did that happen? i'm 10 years older, in a field that is also supposedly pretty good, and a kid with 1 year's experience is making so much more? granted he's incredibly smart academically and so got one of the best internships they have i'm guessing (or maybe they all pay similarly?) but its still crazy. i should mention this is in a different province (alberta) so there's a premium they're adding, but still.anyway i went off on a tangent there. so i want to know what upwards mobility i have, and what i can do, if anything, to make more in the near future (present to 2-3 years). figures are always preferable wherever possible, and of course i know it all depends.++$++10
hi everyone! i'm struggling with a bad case of eczema, which has been coming back to me from time to time since i can remember. i'm 20 years old now. my eczema tends to break out a few places (wrists, inner thighs, neck etc.), whereafter it spreads to pretty much the rest of my body (my scalp and feet are, for some reason, always safe!). i'm used to treat my eczema with a strong hormone cream (it's called 'locoid' in my country), but sometimes i long for an easier course of treatment. i found this subreddit and it made me wonder if any of you guys had come across a method of treatment, where one could simply take a bath in a bathtub with some sort of medicine added to the water that would calm the eczema?++$++20
i am forced to live with my prudish mother due to the economy and the high price of rent in my area (and i can't work full time due to the fact that i am in college). this has given me a large amount of anxiety, especially since i might be living with her 2+ more years (to finish my degree and to get a stable job). i am 22 years old, but her rule is "no sex" and she is very nosy and is somewhat of a religious extremist (when it is convenient of course) and thinks that all guys are perverts and that girls are pure little beings that never want sex and if a guy has sex with one outside of marriage then he is abusing her.yeah, so i have to deal with being demonized for being a sexual being. but anyways, how would you go about hooking up? i mean, would a car be a turn-off? a hotel seems pretty pricey and a bit too planned for sex...++$++22
hi guys, thanks for reading my bs.  today, circumstances in my life are at a high point.  a few years ago, i lost everything and i meant everything, but i won't go into that.  things really seem to be turning around. however, every time i see or hear about others engaging in social activities, i feel like i am losing/missing something.  it has become hard for me to recognize that others are happy is social/dating/flirting situation.  this emotion is rarely articulated, but it is a sense of pain.  i don't know what is going on or how to fix it.  i have returning to a social life style slowly over the pass two years, but things like this emotion drive me back into my shell.  on the dating front, i haven't experienced any success or joy for over five years now.  the solitude is driving me nuts, but social interaction leaves me feeling old and completely broken.  what is going on in my head?++$++34
i bought a car slightly over a year ago from my step-grandma, for lack of better words i got fucked over. i was lead to believe this car was in great condition and my mother and i paid 4,000 for it. the second i got it i already knew it was falling apart but the deal was done and my stepdad assured me it was fine. well here i am a year later and it doesn't run. i am 20 years old working a part time job while i am a full time student. what i really need help with is knowing how to finance a car, what type of interest rate i should pay, how to haggle with a dealership, etc. i plan on getting my current car running and using that as a trade-in/down payment. i'm not looking for anything fancy just newer and reliable. any advice is appreciated.++$++20
i'm 14 years old and my dad died a few weeks ago from a year long fight against cancer. how do i get on with my life and get out of my depression? i can't enjoy anything now and life seems so bleak. its hard for me to even get out of the house and go to school and i'm not motivated to do anything.++$++14
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* forensics expert who pushed the michael brown "hands up" story is, in fact, not qualified or certified, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2o2r0c/forensics_expert_who_pushed_the_michael_brown/)**  * a long list of sex acts just got banned in uk porn, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2o1eny/a_long_list_of_sex_acts_just_got_banned_in_uk_porn/)**  * legal pot in the u.s. may be undercutting illegal mexican marijuana, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2o219q/legal_pot_in_the_us_may_be_undercutting_illegal/)**  * labrador adopts tiger cub, lets her suckle milk, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2o1sl6/labrador_adopts_tiger_cub_lets_her_suckle_milk/)**  * the fcc is not addressing home data caps because "the number of consumer complaints regarding usage based pricing by fixed providers appears to be small". go increase the number! link in comments., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2o3t5y/the_fcc_is_not_addressing_home_data_caps_because/)**  * damnit, fleener, you had one job!!!, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2o1zeu/damnit_fleener_you_had_one_job/)**  * i know this subreddit isn't much for trivialities, but this is mn supreme court justice alan page playing the sousaphone at the twin cities marathon, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2o0uk2/i_know_this_subreddit_isnt_much_for_trivialities/)**  * uk bans specific kinds of porn, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2o1fok/uk_bans_specific_kinds_of_porn/)**  * whatever happened to the case where paypal ordered a precious violin destroyed?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2o24qv/whatever_happened_to_the_case_where_paypal/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk android users can get google play credit for completing surveys in the "google opinion rewards" app, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2o1rzf/ysk_android_users_can_get_google_play_credit_for/)**  * if the moon formed from earth due to a huge impact shaving off a large piece of rock and then coalescing, how did moons form around gas giants like jupiter and saturn?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2o29qh/if_the_moon_formed_from_earth_due_to_a_huge/)**  * eli5: why is a rape on a college campus handled as an administrative problem by the school, rather than as a criminal matter, handled by the police?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2o1tfe/eli5_why_is_a_rape_on_a_college_campus_handled_as/)**  * til hitler had a relative called "paddy hitler" who ended up joining the us navy, where, along with all recruits, he had to fill out a form listing any relatives who might be fighting for the enemy., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2o2wuz/til_hitler_had_a_relative_called_paddy_hitler_who/)**  * heart rate (bpm) during marriage proposal [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2o1rfe/heart_rate_bpm_during_marriage_proposal_oc/)**  * how to customize /r/all with this little-known reddit gold feature, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2o2vww/how_to_customize_rall_with_this_littleknown/)**  * what's stop anyone from "counterfeiting" electronic money?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2o1zbz/whats_stop_anyone_from_counterfeiting_electronic/)**  * how to lock pick the old school way, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2o1vzb/how_to_lock_pick_the_old_school_way/)**  * rabbits eat their own poop for breakfast, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2o2bus/rabbits_eat_their_own_poop_for_breakfast/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: when writing an essay, write your thesis or the question you're trying to answer in the header and footer., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2o0k4d/lpt_when_writing_an_essay_write_your_thesis_or/)**  * nutrition tuesday, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2o189w/nutrition_tuesday/)**  * [image] too close to home. i'm dodging bullets in my living room., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2o2ega/image_too_close_to_home_im_dodging_bullets_in_my/)**  * chocolate wreath, double sided tape so chocs are easily removable. great cheap gift idea, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2o3h15/chocolate_wreath_double_sided_tape_so_chocs_are/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* dna analysis confirms that a skeleton unearthed from a uk parking lot is the former king, richard iii. this is the oldest dna identification case of a known individual, and while trying to trace former monarchs genetic lineage, the scientists accidentally uncovered centuries-old royal adultery., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2o1yqv/dna_analysis_confirms_that_a_skeleton_unearthed/)**  * disgraced dna pioneer james watson to sell his nobelprize medal, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2o1bn7/disgraced_dna_pioneer_james_watson_to_sell_his/)**  * milky way over devils tower, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2o1d75/milky_way_over_devils_tower/)**  * physicist ashton carter to be nominated as next secretary of defense, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2o2xgu/physicist_ashton_carter_to_be_nominated_as_next/)**  * a peek at the universe., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2o3qel/a_peek_at_the_universe/)**  * amazon ceo: 'i want to see millions of people living and working in space', *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2o2lvi/amazon_ceo_i_want_to_see_millions_of_people/)**  * around the world board game (katei kyoiku sekai isshu sugoroku) japan, 1926. [7461024], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2o1k6b/around_the_world_board_game_katei_kyoiku_sekai/)**  * procedural planet generation, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2o14ib/procedural_planet_generation/)**  * the impact of the linux philosophy, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2o1r3w/the_impact_of_the_linux_philosophy/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what movie is deeper than most people think it is?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2o0sxu/what_movie_is_deeper_than_most_people_think_it_is/)**  * i am mikko hypponen, a computer security expert. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2o1il1/i_am_mikko_hypponen_a_computer_security_expert/)**  * i'm a hospital pharmacy consultant that works with drugs and knows the ins and outs of hospital billing. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2o1vkz/im_a_hospital_pharmacy_consultant_that_works_with/)**  * the height drama continues as /r/tall didn't appreciate the "tall for a day" post. the op goes in to defend his post and his short-comings., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2o1odm/the_height_drama_continues_as_rtall_didnt/)**  * the people of reddit vs. ballerific for a racist photoshop smear of an african american ferguson citizen., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2o1qvs/the_people_of_reddit_vs_ballerific_for_a_racist/)**  * male redditor suspected girlfriend was cheating on him two days ago. he posts an update about how he caught her in the act with a sleazy neighbour., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2o21yx/male_redditor_suspected_girlfriend_was_cheating/)**  * [reddit change] you can now disable inbox notifications for replies to your comments, *from /r/changelog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/changelog/comments/2o32m6/reddit_change_you_can_now_disable_inbox/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2o11vm) /r/hiphopwallpapers, /r/houseofcards, /r/babyhacks, /r/holdmyjuicebox, /r/scienceofdeduction  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the rise and fall of g4 tv 4 gamers (2014). quick documentary of the years g4tv was on the air., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2o2sax/the_rise_and_fall_of_g4_tv_4_gamers_2014_quick/)**  * home alone (1990) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2o0vw5/home_alone_1990_720p/)**  * the first poster for terminator: genisys is here., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2o270d/the_first_poster_for_terminator_genisys_is_here/)**  * what nonsensical music lyric irritates you the most?, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2o1d0d/what_nonsensical_music_lyric_irritates_you_the/)**  * vulfpeck -- christmas in l.a. [funk] (2014) - [3:03], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2o26xg/vulfpeck_christmas_in_la_funk_2014_303/)**  * legitly - a url shortener that makes sketchy web sources seems creditable., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2o0jx1/legitly_a_url_shortener_that_makes_sketchy_web/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my sister and her husband recently adopted, this is his first snow., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2o2l5t/my_sister_and_her_husband_recently_adopted_this/)**  * a frozen waterfall in bariloche, patagonia, argentina [1500x996] photo by guillermo palavecino, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2o1kz2/a_frozen_waterfall_in_bariloche_patagonia/)**  * a knife with a handle made of the mineral labradorite, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2o2jdc/a_knife_with_a_handle_made_of_the_mineral/)**  * aurora over norway by max rive [960x1178], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2o1bxh/aurora_over_norway_by_max_rive_960x1178/)**  * great view of sunset over mount k2, pakistan [639x481] by nick davidson, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2o1ivw/great_view_of_sunset_over_mount_k2_pakistan/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* check out this cover i did of 'the science of selling yourself short' by less than jake. hope you enjoy!, *from /r/ska* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ska/comments/2o2yqi/check_out_this_cover_i_did_of_the_science_of/)**  * how do you say "gtfo" or "go f*** yourself" in your dialect? nsfw, *from /r/arabs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/arabs/comments/2o1vqf/how_do_you_say_gtfo_or_go_f_yourself_in_your/)**  * looking for similar armor, *from /r/rift* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/rift/comments/2o0un1/looking_for_similar_armor/)**  * list of korean  (onomatopoeias), *from /r/korean* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/korean/comments/2o0yit/list_of_korean__onomatopoeias/)**  * farewell, isabel, *from /r/spain* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spain/comments/2o24a1/farewell_isabel/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* santa claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2o1k4a/santa_claus_probably_regrets_giving_coal_to/)**  * water beds should have straws that come out next to your pillow for when you're hungover. also, they should make gatorade beds., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2o27ml/water_beds_should_have_straws_that_come_out_next/)**  * "every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words." - johann wolfgang von goethe, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2o1vl6/every_day_we_should_hear_at_least_one_little_song/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* forensics expert who pushed the michael brown "hands up" story is, in fact, not qualified or certified, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2o2r0c/forensics_expert_who_pushed_the_michael_brown/)**  * a long list of sex acts just got banned in uk porn, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2o1eny/a_long_list_of_sex_acts_just_got_banned_in_uk_porn/)**  * legal pot in the u.s. may be undercutting illegal mexican marijuana, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2o219q/legal_pot_in_the_us_may_be_undercutting_illegal/)**  * labrador adopts tiger cub, lets her suckle milk, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2o1sl6/labrador_adopts_tiger_cub_lets_her_suckle_milk/)**  * the fcc is not addressing home data caps because "the number of consumer complaints regarding usage based pricing by fixed providers appears to be small". go increase the number! link in comments., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2o3t5y/the_fcc_is_not_addressing_home_data_caps_because/)**  * damnit, fleener, you had one job!!!, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2o1zeu/damnit_fleener_you_had_one_job/)**  * i know this subreddit isn't much for trivialities, but this is mn supreme court justice alan page playing the sousaphone at the twin cities marathon, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2o0uk2/i_know_this_subreddit_isnt_much_for_trivialities/)**  * uk bans specific kinds of porn, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2o1fok/uk_bans_specific_kinds_of_porn/)**  * whatever happened to the case where paypal ordered a precious violin destroyed?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2o24qv/whatever_happened_to_the_case_where_paypal/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk android users can get google play credit for completing surveys in the "google opinion rewards" app, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2o1rzf/ysk_android_users_can_get_google_play_credit_for/)**  * if the moon formed from earth due to a huge impact shaving off a large piece of rock and then coalescing, how did moons form around gas giants like jupiter and saturn?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2o29qh/if_the_moon_formed_from_earth_due_to_a_huge/)**  * eli5: why is a rape on a college campus handled as an administrative problem by the school, rather than as a criminal matter, handled by the police?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2o1tfe/eli5_why_is_a_rape_on_a_college_campus_handled_as/)**  * til hitler had a relative called "paddy hitler" who ended up joining the us navy, where, along with all recruits, he had to fill out a form listing any relatives who might be fighting for the enemy., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2o2wuz/til_hitler_had_a_relative_called_paddy_hitler_who/)**  * heart rate (bpm) during marriage proposal [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2o1rfe/heart_rate_bpm_during_marriage_proposal_oc/)**  * how to customize /r/all with this little-known reddit gold feature, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2o2vww/how_to_customize_rall_with_this_littleknown/)**  * what's stop anyone from "counterfeiting" electronic money?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2o1zbz/whats_stop_anyone_from_counterfeiting_electronic/)**  * how to lock pick the old school way, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2o1vzb/how_to_lock_pick_the_old_school_way/)**  * rabbits eat their own poop for breakfast, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2o2bus/rabbits_eat_their_own_poop_for_breakfast/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: when writing an essay, write your thesis or the question you're trying to answer in the header and footer., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2o0k4d/lpt_when_writing_an_essay_write_your_thesis_or/)**  * nutrition tuesday, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2o189w/nutrition_tuesday/)**  * [image] too close to home. i'm dodging bullets in my living room., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2o2ega/image_too_close_to_home_im_dodging_bullets_in_my/)**  * chocolate wreath, double sided tape so chocs are easily removable. great cheap gift idea, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2o3h15/chocolate_wreath_double_sided_tape_so_chocs_are/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* dna analysis confirms that a skeleton unearthed from a uk parking lot is the former king, richard iii. this is the oldest dna identification case of a known individual, and while trying to trace former monarchs genetic lineage, the scientists accidentally uncovered centuries-old royal adultery., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2o1yqv/dna_analysis_confirms_that_a_skeleton_unearthed/)**  * disgraced dna pioneer james watson to sell his nobelprize medal, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2o1bn7/disgraced_dna_pioneer_james_watson_to_sell_his/)**  * milky way over devils tower, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2o1d75/milky_way_over_devils_tower/)**  * physicist ashton carter to be nominated as next secretary of defense, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2o2xgu/physicist_ashton_carter_to_be_nominated_as_next/)**  * a peek at the universe., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2o3qel/a_peek_at_the_universe/)**  * amazon ceo: 'i want to see millions of people living and working in space', *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2o2lvi/amazon_ceo_i_want_to_see_millions_of_people/)**  * around the world board game (katei kyoiku sekai isshu sugoroku) japan, 1926. [7461024], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2o1k6b/around_the_world_board_game_katei_kyoiku_sekai/)**  * procedural planet generation, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2o14ib/procedural_planet_generation/)**  * the impact of the linux philosophy, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2o1r3w/the_impact_of_the_linux_philosophy/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what movie is deeper than most people think it is?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2o0sxu/what_movie_is_deeper_than_most_people_think_it_is/)**  * i am mikko hypponen, a computer security expert. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2o1il1/i_am_mikko_hypponen_a_computer_security_expert/)**  * i'm a hospital pharmacy consultant that works with drugs and knows the ins and outs of hospital billing. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2o1vkz/im_a_hospital_pharmacy_consultant_that_works_with/)**  * the height drama continues as /r/tall didn't appreciate the "tall for a day" post. the op goes in to defend his post and his short-comings., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2o1odm/the_height_drama_continues_as_rtall_didnt/)**  * the people of reddit vs. ballerific for a racist photoshop smear of an african american ferguson citizen., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2o1qvs/the_people_of_reddit_vs_ballerific_for_a_racist/)**  * male redditor suspected girlfriend was cheating on him two days ago. he posts an update about how he caught her in the act with a sleazy neighbour., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2o21yx/male_redditor_suspected_girlfriend_was_cheating/)**  * [reddit change] you can now disable inbox notifications for replies to your comments, *from /r/changelog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/changelog/comments/2o32m6/reddit_change_you_can_now_disable_inbox/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2o11vm) /r/hiphopwallpapers, /r/houseofcards, /r/babyhacks, /r/holdmyjuicebox, /r/scienceofdeduction  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the rise and fall of g4 tv 4 gamers (2014). quick documentary of the years g4tv was on the air., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2o2sax/the_rise_and_fall_of_g4_tv_4_gamers_2014_quick/)**  * home alone (1990) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2o0vw5/home_alone_1990_720p/)**  * the first poster for terminator: genisys is here., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2o270d/the_first_poster_for_terminator_genisys_is_here/)**  * what nonsensical music lyric irritates you the most?, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2o1d0d/what_nonsensical_music_lyric_irritates_you_the/)**  * vulfpeck -- christmas in l.a. [funk] (2014) - [3:03], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2o26xg/vulfpeck_christmas_in_la_funk_2014_303/)**  * legitly - a url shortener that makes sketchy web sources seems creditable., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2o0jx1/legitly_a_url_shortener_that_makes_sketchy_web/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my sister and her husband recently adopted, this is his first snow., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2o2l5t/my_sister_and_her_husband_recently_adopted_this/)**  * a frozen waterfall in bariloche, patagonia, argentina [1500x996] photo by guillermo palavecino, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2o1kz2/a_frozen_waterfall_in_bariloche_patagonia/)**  * a knife with a handle made of the mineral labradorite, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2o2jdc/a_knife_with_a_handle_made_of_the_mineral/)**  * aurora over norway by max rive [960x1178], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2o1bxh/aurora_over_norway_by_max_rive_960x1178/)**  * great view of sunset over mount k2, pakistan [639x481] by nick davidson, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2o1ivw/great_view_of_sunset_over_mount_k2_pakistan/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* check out this cover i did of 'the science of selling yourself short' by less than jake. hope you enjoy!, *from /r/ska* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ska/comments/2o2yqi/check_out_this_cover_i_did_of_the_science_of/)**  * how do you say "gtfo" or "go f*** yourself" in your dialect? nsfw, *from /r/arabs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/arabs/comments/2o1vqf/how_do_you_say_gtfo_or_go_f_yourself_in_your/)**  * looking for similar armor, *from /r/rift* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/rift/comments/2o0un1/looking_for_similar_armor/)**  * list of korean  (onomatopoeias), *from /r/korean* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/korean/comments/2o0yit/list_of_korean__onomatopoeias/)**  * farewell, isabel, *from /r/spain* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spain/comments/2o24a1/farewell_isabel/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* santa claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2o1k4a/santa_claus_probably_regrets_giving_coal_to/)**  * water beds should have straws that come out next to your pillow for when you're hungover. also, they should make gatorade beds., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2o27ml/water_beds_should_have_straws_that_come_out_next/)**  * "every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words." - johann wolfgang von goethe, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2o1vl6/every_day_we_should_hear_at_least_one_little_song/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
so, a while ago, like almost a year ago, my ps3 slim stopped reading any blu ray disc. only thing that worked was my step mother's zumba video, which was a normal dvd. so, after researching the instructions on how to clean the blu ray lens, i tried it, thinking it was most likely the problem. well not only did that not work but upon putting it back together i must've screwed something up because the weird sound of reading a blu ray disc just got worse. and i may be remembering this wrong, but i think the system wasn't even giving any sort of hdmi output once it was turned on.so, guys, what can i do? if anything..++$++15
hello reddit!i've been a long time lurker on reddit, but i decided to man up and ask for advice. i understand that this is the internet so although i appreciate every advice, it will be taken with a grain of salt (meaning i will do my own research too).so i am 21 years old and i have no idea what to do with my money. i have a stable job and i have around $2k extra every month. i maxed out my 401ks and have a retirement plan (also an emergency fund). for a while, i've been using the money to help pay for my parent's house. (it's finally paid off) so recently, i've been saving up money to go on a vacation with my girlfriend but it didn't work out so well. now i have around $20k sitting in the bank and growing. i am unsure if that's normal or not. so recently i've been interested in buying a small condo maybe $100k~$300k so i could rent out to other people. i've looked at the hoa fees they are all around $300. i've also heard that housing markets will not go up for a while since banks are still holding onto a lot of foreclosed homes and releasing into the market slowly. if i do go this route, i can probably charge around $800 for rent, but calculating the cost of owning the condo it seems that i would make very little. $800 (monthly rent) - $300 (hoa, not sure if i usually pay it or the renter) fees -$200~300 (etc, buffer just in case there are other fees/damages). so every month i would be making around $200~$300.i've also gone the route of p2p lending. i put $250 into my account to test the waters. in 3 years i've received $300 in total, so i made $50. i've heard that p2p lending is very dangerous and unstable so i have no more interest in putting my money there unless someone can convince me otherwise. also i'm sure with $10k+ investment there will be taxes i will have to file (which i have no clue how much it comes out to).i've also been researching into investing in stocks. i'm playing a stock simulator game and i've lost some fake money around $600 from a $10k account. although i've been only playing for less than 4 months, if i were to go into investing stocks it would most likely be long term. i've been researching into vanguard and been reading up on investing. it doesn't seem too positive and it seems like a lot of people in r/investing says don't do it.lastly, i don't mind letting it sit in my savings account and letting it get interest about couple of cents. i just want to know if there are other options that i haven't thought about and i just want to hear different perspectives. in the next week i am planning to meet with merrill lynch through my bank of america and see what they have to say. (i've heard both good and bad in meeting with them).at the end of the day, i would love a mentor/coach in my life. i know it's a lot to ask, but i think i just want someone to talk to who can lead me in the right path. even if we don't talk about finances all the time, i just want to learn from someone who has more experience in life.thanks if you read this far. really appreciate it.**tdlr** i have some money and i don't know what to do.++$++21
it seems to be a hot job field right now, and from the outside looking in, it looks good. i have a general interest in how things get made, where it comes from where it's going. i have mild ocd when it comes to inefficiency, it gives me great satisfaction to make things run smoother and more efficient. great verbal skills, team player etc. just wondering what the job is really like day to day. what type of candidate does an employer look for? how smart do you have to be? i'm clever, but not engineering level smart. how much would that limit me? with globalization continually increasing, will jobs in logistics follow that trend? how competitive is the job market? is there any risk of job losses from automation?i'm 26 years old and in toronto canada if it helps. what should i be doing to pursue a career in this field.++$++26
you know that dreaded question: so, what was your last job like? what did you like about it? what did you dislike about it?... well, that question makes me nervous.my last job only lasted for 2 weeks, which was back in early 2012.  i've mostly been a stay at home mom, but not out of choice.  my daughter was born with a disability, and while i wanted to work more, i also couldn't trust my ex to stay home and watch my daughter.  my daughter also receives ssi benefits, and he was the representative payee until we split up.  he refused to work, and when we split up, he told me "i'm sorry, but as long as i was living there and getting that check, i wasn't going to work".  i know that part is a little off topic, but it explains why i haven't work much.  my total work experience amounts to less than 3 months, and i'm 25 years old.  my daughter is 6.anyway, my last job, i was a waitress/hostess/idkwhat.  it only lasted 2 weeks, so i guess i was basically still in training.  honestly, i enjoyed this job.  the people i worked with were pretty cool, and never made me feel like i was a slow worker or anything.  (i had epilepsy as a child and was also diagnosed with add, so my processing speed is slower.)  i did the best i could.  the first week i stuck to being a hostess... greeting and seating people.  then the second week i started training for waiting tables, which i thought i was pretty good at, considering i have some experience doing that... not at a job, but in girl scouts.  (i sold a lot of girl scout cookies when i was a kid.  my mom would help me a little bit, but i did most of the sales pitches, etc.  i would write out a script, and look through the order forms from the year before, and call each person that ordered.  i informed them about what they ordered the year before, what new cookies were out, etc.  i have probably around 5 years or more of experience doing that.)  i thought that i could apply my experience of taking orders for girl scout cookies to taking orders for food.  after all, i knew what cookies there were, was what the top seller, what new cookies were out, etc.  so, it's kind of like knowing the menu of a restaurant and telling the customer recommendations.  at least... that's what i thought...this is where it goes down.  two people come in while i'm hosting, but i switch out to being a waitress because there was only one person on the floor, if i remember correctly.  it was a mother and her daughter, i'm assuming.  i take their orders.  i don't exactly remember what they ordered anymore, but a quick google search would jog my memory, probably.  i looked on google, and it didn't refresh my memory completely.  all i remember now is that it had to do with what drinks they ordered.  when i greeted them, the girl asked me if they had a mint mojito like the ones they have at o'charleys.  i wasn't sure, because i had never seen it on the drink menu, but i asked and was informed that it was possible to order.  so, i finished taking their orders, went to punch them in the computer, and told the bartender that i needed a mint mojito and whatever else the other lady ordered.  i remember an asiago steak being order aside from the mint mojito, but that was it.  (this happened over 2 years ago, so i guess it's understandable that i don't remember exactly what they ordered to a tee.)  i brought the drinks they ordered to them, and then walked back to the kitchen to see if their food was ready.  it was.  i was about to bring the food to them, but the traveling manager, who didn't actually work at our store,  informed me that my table had requested that i didn't come back.  they told him that i got their drink orders wrong. they lied.  he then proceeds to raise his voice to me and tell me that i need to speed up, and that i work too slow.  i don't remember everything he said, but it wasn't nice.  all i remember is telling him "yes, sir.  i'll try harder".  i was trying my best not to crack.  i had just been accused of doing something i didn't do, and then a manager yells at me even though i'm doing my best.  i walked over to the host stand to try and gain some composure.  i thought i was okay and ready to work again.  i felt stable and calm, but then tears just started rolling down my face, and i couldn't stop them.  i cried for awhile either outside or in the office before they sent me home.  they told me not to come back tomorrow, that they would call me.  i got a call that morning, and they fired me, saying that they didn't think i was ready.  they knew that i didn't get the orders wrong.  they knew the customers lied.  the girl didn't like her mint mojito and ended up ordering something else.  if i had actually gotten the order wrong, they would have gotten a complimentary drink or something to compensate.  so i know for a fact that i did not get their orders wrong.  i even talked to the bartender that night on facebook and she told me that.  even though i don't remember exactly what they ordered anymore, i remembered everything to a tee for months and months after the incident, because the wound was still so fresh.  i don't understand why i got fired.  i know what i was told, but i still think they fired me because i cried.  if i hadn't cried, or could've stopped myself, i would've still had a job at least for a little bit.  that restaurant closed down probably a year or so after that happened.  the building is still up for sale.  my guess is bad management put it out of business. the managers would fire and rehire people regularly.  maybe i should've asked for my job back, even though i know i'd be out of one again, but at least i would have more experience.so what am i supposed to say when a hiring manager asks me what my last job was like?  i hate to lie, but i feel like if i tell the truth, that they'll think i'm not ready either for a job either.  that incident is one of many that have completely shot down my self esteem.  i felt good about myself for 2 weeks and then, bam.  i had something that distracted me from my shitty marriage, at least for a short time.  now, i'm a single mom, and i need a job... well i don't desperately need one... but it would help tremendously.  i know my daughter receives full ssi benefits, and that i have a great guy who does what he can to help me, but he makes minimum wage plus tips delivering pizza.  tips aren't always reliable, and if his car breaks down, we both pitch in to help get it fixed, because he can't work without a car.  i want a job in order to help plan for the future, so we can save up for a place, and get married someday.  i want to be able to afford more things for my daughter, and be able to buy her things that help with her disability, but i'm lost.  i don't know where to start.tl:dr my last job was in early 2012, and i was fired after 2 weeks because i cried at work after i was accused of getting an order wrong when i didn't.  the manager told me he didn't think i was ready.  now, anytime i get an interview, i'm always nervous about questions pertaining to my last job.  i know that being 25 with hardly any work experience probably doesn't look good.++$++25
looking for a woman in north central area of indiana. around noblesville or carmel. looking to find someone to talk to or a fwb, but not looking for anything to serious. i'm 20 years old outgoing and love to be outside but i work a lot if interested or just want to talk message me :)++$++20
yeah i know i could go to school, and i plan on it. but it would be great to have some first-hand knowledge about automotive mechanics. if possible i would like to train this individual with everything i know about computers, which i've been doing (involved with) since i was 14 in exchange for your knowledge of cars. i'm 27 years old (heterosexual (not that, that should matter) male) and wanting to swap knowledge with a mechanic in some down time, over the weekends maybe a beer or two. any mechanics ever have headaches with your pc and want to know the ins and out? i'll show you everything you need to know, step by step at your speed. this is a knowledge for knowledge transaction with beers in between, let me know if seem seems cool.++$++27
i'm 20 years old, and a college student. all my life, i've been really quiet and shy. growing up, i always had teachers tell me that i need to speak up and no one can hear me. by high school, i improved drastically, though i still wasn't outspoken or outgoing. anyway, recently i've been feeling very depressed, self-conscious, and anxiety. these are actually issues that i've been dealing with since the beginning of high school, so it is really nothing new to me. however, i now have a professional sales job that i do outside of school- the thing with me is, at times i can make a very good impression; i'm really good at interviews and i've gotten almost every job that i've interviewed for. but once i start, employers are surprised and disappointed by how awkward and shy i actually am. anyway, so i've been trying my best to perform well. before work, i always tell myself to act confident and speak loudly, yet when i arrive, my manager keeps commenting on my mistakes and that i'm too quiet. furthermore, lately, my depression and anxiety have consumed me, making me even more quiet and awkward than i usually am. in fact, i've started getting very nervous at times when interacting with people, and i can tell that it makes them feel uncomfortable which in turn, makes me even more anxious. furthermore, my manager has noticed as well, and he told me that he's very disappointed in my performance and expected much more from me when he hired me. this also, makes me all the more self-conscious. if i don't improve myself soon, i will lose this job- which i would really rather keep since the wage and benefits i receive is amazing in comparison to many other college students' jobs. plus, this type of experience will be so beneficial on my resume. but i feel like i've only become more self-conscious in the recent months &amp; my self-esteem has just plummeted to a new low. i feel so hopeless... what can i do to improve?!also, yes i do see a counsellor for my emotional issues.++$++20
i'm at around 1.15 mil right now after grinding loads if missions, and within a couple days i'll have the money to buy the buzzard. my only question is if i should wait for next content update to see if anything good comes out or should i just get it now, since either way it will be a great purchase.on a side note is there any reason to get the annihilator? no rockets, moves slower and only carries 2 more. plus it's more bloody expensive wtf.++$++20
ever since i was young i've always loved the us culture, i've done my best to embrace it over here, keeping up to date with us sports (massive nfl fan), however, i always feel as though something is missing.i hold a-levels (equivalent of us high school), however, dropped out of university as i didn't enjoy the course i was doing. i currently work in a full time job which i despise (fraud investigator for a bank), i don't get on with anyone there as they're all way older than me and i feel like my progress in life is coming screeching to a halt.i've spoke about moving to the us with my girlfriend of 4 years and she loves the idea; she too adores the culture and has even been lucky enough to visit. we talk about moving a lot, but at the minute it just seems like a fantasy; i want to make it a reality but truthfully i wouldn't know where to start.i feel like without a ba my chances of getting work as a foreigner in the us are slim (i don't just want a manual labour job). i'm into web design, but having looked it seems like a lot of the jobs in this field are asking for ba's or a tonne of experience. i'd love to go to a us college, but haven't the faintest idea where to start and not sure whether my a-levels would get me into college or if they even accept &amp; fund international students like myself.my head's all over the place, all i know is that i want out; i'd love any advice you guys have to offer - any clarity at all will massively help.++$++20
i figured it would be good for us all to say something about ourselves and get to know each other a little bit.my name is tyler, i just moved to portland 4 months ago from richmond, va, where i grew up.  i miss my hometown big time but i want to take advantage of all that portland's artistic little world has to offer.  i'm 28 years old.  what else, what else?  well, i'm writing my 2nd novel right now.  it's called liberius ii and is the first of two books i have planned.  my first novel is called man &amp; the multiverse and i'm trying to figure out this whole self-publishing thing so hopefully it will be available soon.  i also do some sci-fi paintings - i especially like to paint characters from battlestar galactica....which is one of the biggest artistic influences in my life.  i fucking love it.  i used to do a podcast but haven't in a good while - if anybody is interested in starting one we should talk.that's about it, i guess.  i'd say the coolest thing about me is that i have a beagle named darwin who only has 3 feet.  he's a sweetie.++$++28
hey guys, we're starting up a new collective for science fiction artists (writers, painters, musicians, whatever!) with two goals.  the first is to meet online and in person to provide opinions and encouragement on each other's work, and the second is to eventually put on shows.  these shows would consist of writers reading parts of their stories live to an audience while bands play short sets in between.  in the back we'll have art for sale.  we have some painters and comic book artists involved, and a few bands.  we've got a few writers but are looking for more.  anybody is welcome, but depending on the size of the group we may have to be selective about what is presented at the shows.  please send me a message if you're interested and i will add you to the group.  thanks so much!  (i have no idea how to link to the subreddit because i'm super new at this but it's called scififorever)++$++28
i am a young business owner i started in well testing myself and now i have 4 people working for me. the problems i am facing with growing is that i am 23 years old and in the oilfield unless you have gray hair and grandkids as far as most potential clients are concerned you dont know anything and are incapable of being good at what we do. the clients we do work for are very happy with the service we provide. i have tried cold calling contacts i get from other companies i work for but it never plays out. i don't know everything about everything and i don't pretend i do, however i have a strong work ethic and i am not esily discouraged.  any advice would be greatly appreciated, thanks in advance!++$++23
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on wednesday.  **report period:**   tuesday, november 25, 2014 through monday, december 01, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adviceanimals** [[full report](/2o4zmf)]   ---* [seeing a lot of this on fb again lately...](/2nrsiy)  * [and it makes that clean, tearing sound](/2nv614)  * [while i was a night shift er clerk, this was one of the most surprising answers i'd ever heard.](/2nwi7z)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anger** [[full report](/2o4jnm)]   ---* [when i'm pissed off at something trivial i report posts breaking rules on subreddits.](/2nfo41)  * [any tips on staying myself when exposed to my trigger?](/2nuwqq)  * [i snap too easily at drama, help](/2nbwxr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/aww** [[full report](/2o4vf3)]   ---* [our book store got a visitor today. meet otis!](/2nrijc)  * [happy thanksgiving! i call this picture 'we have no idea how we actually managed to take this.'](/2nkpad)  * [my mother just sent me this picture.. she just woke up and had this fella sleeping over her bed..](/2nqxpv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/china** [[full report](/2o4mhr)]   ---* [i went hiking on an unmaintained part of the great wall last week](/2nbltf)  * [chinese tycoon spends 36 million rmb to build free housing for his hometown residents](/2njj9z)  * [this happened today in jinjiang, fujian. apologies for the quality.](/2nl61p)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/damnthatsinteresting** [[full report](/2o4ko4)]   ---* [how to remove all tourists from your travel shots](/2nxfmn)  * [ever wonder how much money a 5-gallon water jug holds?](/2nrw2m)  * [10 plagues explained](/2ncxse)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/darknetmarkets** [[full report](/2o4okv)]   ---* [agora: payment issues repair report (pgp signed)](/2nb99n)  * [my terrifying le ordeal is finally over.](/2nk8ks)  * [it's been fun but i needed to stop](/2nuyaz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dogecoin** [[full report](/2o4u2n)]   ---* [dogecoin response to the bitcoin response to the western union ad](/2nlart)  * [no doge is too small](/2ndh9s)  * [bunnycoin responds to western union](/2nvu5j)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entertainment** [[full report](/2o4lnu)]   ---* [chris rock talks to frank rich about ferguson, cosby, and what racial progress really means](/2nxt5k)  * [pixar, disney, lucasfilm involved in industry wage-fixing scandal. pixar president ed catmull: i dont apologize for this."](/2nvp4z)  * [ridiculously positive reactions to 'phantom menace' trailer](/2nt9yp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitnesscirclejerk** [[full report](/2o4lxa)]   ---* [5 moves you should avoid at the gym](/2niq2y)  * [it's cake day and daddy needs his upvotes!](/2nqc8w)  * [then dodge](/2nu4r3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/frugal** [[full report](/2o4n96)]   ---* [my dad pointed out that jars from the container store cost $6. jars from the grocery store cost $2 - and you get pickles in them.](/2npnh6)  * [my friend made a series of videos to help people who are going to buy a used car. everything from tips about paperwork to car inspection. he spent a lot of time making these, so i would really appreciate it if you folks gave it a look.[x-post from r/canada]](/2nlpho)  * [tip: buy clothespins 36/$1 at the dollar store instead of pricey bag clips.](/2nvmvb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/glitch_in_the_matrix** [[full report](/2o4kwb)]   ---* [a cloud with two very straight edges](/2ntli8)  * [the lights went out, but no one noticed.](/2nbz2i)  * [[meta] ...but take your blue pill, too.](/2njxd1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/internetisbeautiful** [[full report](/2o4ldj)]   ---* [a website that uses seinfeld clips to explain basic economic concepts](/2nq77o)  * [birthday stars - site that finds a star when it began its journey to shine in the night sky today at the same time you were born.](/2nwlwq)  * [every issue, from 1954 to 1982, of popular electronics magazine](/2nes32)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mechanicalkeyboards** [[full report](/2o4sy2)]   ---* [cherry mx browns (for me at least)](/2nqg86)  * [[photos] finding model m ssk](/2nyff4)  * [massdrop made an interesting grammatical error on their v60 page](/2nbgxi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minecraft** [[full report](/2o4rrx)]   ---* ["if the game gets popular"](/2nu1go)  * [saw this cool sweater at my local sears](/2nrhsg)  * [inception inspired city build](/2nooco)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/multihub** [[full report](/2o4k2j)]   ---* [biopunk multi](/2ngnbg)  * [all german](/2nuuzo)  * [faptastic](/2nw49x)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nfl** [[full report](/2o52f5)]   ---* [video: richard sherman protests marshawn lynch's fine, blasts nfl.](/2nesll)  * [the new york giants have been eliminated from playoff contention](/2nlwpn)  * [odell beckham spins the football and then kicks it through the uprights for a 32-yard fg.](/2ny8q6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nosleep** [[full report](/2o4qka)]   ---* [there was a murder at my childhood home this week](/2nwqhe)  * [the mysterious thing inside the fireplace](/2nz32a)  * [my friend lily disappeared ten years ago. everybody says she never existed.](/2nizdh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nottheonion** [[full report](/2o4ph3)]   ---* [china bans wordplay in attempt at pun control](/2nnvq5)  * [uk police accidentally sent documents admitting to spying on journalists to newspaper, asked not to publish](/2nu9fq)  * [putin's tiger the main suspect in mystery china goat deaths](/2ndfai)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/philosophy** [[full report](/2o4l3z)]   ---* [ferguson, the society of the spectacle, and the master's tools.](/2ne6ti)  * [albert camus and jean-paul sartre: 'lost' letter shows philosophers were dearest friends before their bitter falling-out](/2ni412)  * [the history of western philosophy in one picture](/2negx8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sexyness** [[full report](/2o4jvu)]   ---* [caitlin rice](/2nqhrz)  * [emma mae](/2nwqjp)  * [lexi belle and breanne benson](/2nw96f)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/supplements** [[full report](/2o4kgq)]   ---* [450mg ursolic acid increases strength in bodybuilders. they mainly lose fat.](/2nlaph)  * [theacrine, an unfamiliar caffeine-like tea alkaloid with analgesic, anti-stress, and movement-increasing effects, but less tolerance-building than caffeine.](/2nr6z8)  * [why i hate gnc](/2nxz63)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/todayilearned** [[full report](/2o4x3x)]   ---* [til that when the ceo of the sesame street workshop was asked if bert and ernie are gay, he replied, "they are not gay, they are not straight, they are puppets. they dont exist below the waist."](/2neruo)  * [til germans have a running gag where they pretend the town of bielefeld does not exist. even when angela merkel talked about a meeting she had in bielefeld, she added: "if it exists at all." bielefeld has even released a statement insisting their existence, but unknowingly published it on april 1.](/2nhyce)  * [til a u.s. senator was called a hero for refusing a bribe from the fbi, to which the senator responded - "i do not consider myself a hero... what have we come to if turning down a bribe is 'heroic'?"](/2nbp6w)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trollxchromosomes** [[full report](/2o4y1u)]   ---* [mfw i'm holding a baby and someone asks "so when are you gonna have one!?"](/2nkx3l)  * [excellent way of dealing with rape threats online.](/2no6fz)  * [walked around my town all day in these and didn't notice until i was home](/2nhd2j)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/underreportednews** [[full report](/2o4jsp)]   ---* [washington state patrol aircraft catches multiple police cars speeding a...](/2nxpry)  * [its an extortion racket: police chief moved to tears after exposing corruption in his department | the free thought project](/2negat)  * [backfire: a journal sentinel investigation uncovered deep flaws and a profound lack of government oversight in undercover atf stings across the country, including in milwaukee.](/2nhlnh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wowthissubexists** [[full report](/2o4k7o)]   ---* [/r/ps43 - accidentally found the subreddit for the playboxstation 43](/2nh7m5)  * [/r/doesnottranslate - a place for cool/peculiar words in other languages that don't easily translate to english.](/2nrnrf)  * [/r/flowersinbuttholes - a sub dedicated to pictures of flowers in buttholes.](/2nvnxn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
hi,my name is isuru and i am 30 years old gamer from sri lanka. i am planning to get in to ffxiv (after finishing dragon age). i havent played any mmo. (unless if you consider destiny is a mmo) i have few questions regarding this.* can i start the game by buying final fantasy xiv: heavensward ?* if so can i access the all the content of realm reborn?* if i buy the final fantasy xiv: a realm reborn do i have to buy final fantasy xiv: heavensward again?* i am from sri lanka but my primary psn account is us (ps plus) one and i have eu one too. which region i should choose? (if i buy us version do i have to face lagging issues)please help me..++$++30
hey, twoxchromosomes!i'm 25 years old female with quite  a bit of solo travel experience. i wrote a book about budget travel which explains everything from how to pick destinations to how to save up enough money to how to cut costs on transport/accomodation/food/etc. i also place a heavy emphasis on travel safety in general and travel safety for solo females in particular throughout the book. now why am i posting this here?on one hand, i don't like the fact that a lot of women are afraid to travel alone, even to relatively safe destinations. i remember prior to one trip a female co-worker told me that she could never do something like that because she was afraid to travel alone. where i was going? crete, one of the safest destinations in europe, which is almost definitely a much safer place than london in which that conversation took place. unfortunately, many women seem to have a similar mentality, and that's just sad.on the other hand, i'm also not impressed with the way a lot of travel writers  tend to downplay the risks that come with travelling alone as a female (why are you recommending hitchhiking??? etc.).  the world is probably not as dangerous as most people (especially those who haven't travelled much) think, but it's still a dangerous place, especially for women. i think encouraging people to travel without educating them about travel safety is irresponsible.i thought that if some of you ladies are thinking about travelling on your own but are worried about safety then you may find my book useful because in it i try to not only encourage people to travel and explain how to do it, but also to  provide some sober advice on the travel safety issues.anyway, i normally wouldn't post this here,  but i recently saw a thread about a girl who was planning a trip to europe , but worried about safety (i actually messaged her and offered to send her a free copy of the book), so i thought maybe there are more people here with similar concerns...here's the link to the book, it's free on amazon for the next five days:http://www.amazon.com/how-travel-world-budget-thousands-ebook/dp/b00kp9bu50/also, if you have any questions about solo female travel (or travel in general), you can ask me here in this thread :)agota p.s. mods - if this post is inappropriate here then please delete it and accept my apologies.++$++25
so a shitty question for a shitty sub (no pun intended), i'm 175cm tall with average parents (i'm indian, and my parents are considered average height in india). i am 16 years old, so what will be a rough  estimate of my height in the next few years?++$++16
i'm 20 years old and a virgin. my fianc and i chose to wait for sex until we are married, which will be this saturday (so excited to marry my best friend). i have endometriosis and i was prescribed continual birth control as a treatment (skipping placebo), and have done this for over a year. it has been the only treatment to help me have my life back. however, about two months ago i started feeling raw/burning/itchy down there on the outside and inside of my vagina. i thought it might be my first yeast infection but i didn't respond to monistat, natural remedies, or two weeks of diflucan. i saw three gynocologists to no avail, and started to feel really upset and scared about this..last week i pressed for a culture and met with my endo surgeon. as it turns out, no yeast. i was diagnosed with atrophic vaginitis. basically the endo likes estrogen so the pill with low estrogen has been great for my endo but my lady bits don't like the lack of hormone. i was prescribed estrogen cream, which has been helping. i feel much more comfortable...but not completely. my doctor suggested i go about having sex as planned, but i was wondering if anyone has any suggestions to make it more comfortable? between the fact that it's my first time, the fact that i have endo, and now this, i'm kind of starting to feel scared. i don't want to ruin my fiances first time by stopping him and i know i would keep going anyway. it's just how i am. he knows about my health and is supportive but i don't really want to tell him my feelings about it and have him think and worry about it the whole time we have sex. total turn off? i struggle with anxiety and body dysmorphia, so i also feel like this has really weighed down my sexual confidence as now i feel like my vagina is defective and am worried it won't be pleasurable for him or something. i don't know what a vagina is supposed to feel like.  because it's mostly associated with menopause i dont feel young and "in my prime"...i'm kind of bummed that i have to start out my sex life and my partners sex life this way...and i'm embarrassed that i have to put cream on my vagina all through my honeymoon. i know this is because of my lack of experience, but i 'm worried my vagina is permanently unpleasurable? i'm not super upset but i'm a little sad? help me out reddit? ------virgin with endometriosis and atrophic vaginitis, scared of my first time and beyond, which will be in three days. ive suffered from anxiety and body dystrophic disorder, this doesn't help. feel like my vagina is defective and unpleasurable? need advice on comfort and confidence.++$++20
hi! i'm 18 years old! i'm really really outgoing &amp; my dream has always been to travel. lately, i've been thinking of going to alaska for a long period of time. i'm looking for someone from around here to go &amp; stay with me for a a week in january &amp; if you'd like then to stay with me. i prefer a girl from ages 18-23 eager to do new things &amp; just be friends. i wouldn't mind a dude either, just looking for someone to travel with &amp; see how alaska really is. if you're interested &amp; want to start getting to know each other soon then go ahead and leave me a text or reply here! feel free to shoot me an email :) cloudsenpai12@gmail.com i'm from the south bay area in california!++$++18
hello reddit,i'm just wondering if anyone wants to play ragnarok online with me. i'm 23 years old and my only activities during the week are going to the gym and working 2-3 hours per day on the business that i own.if you have other mmorpg suggestions, feel free to comment here.i know some people might think that i should get married and have babies at this age but i think its much better to do what you really want. and what i really want is to play mmorpgswe will be playing private ragnarok online servers and we will be server-hopping if we can make a team of at least 10-20 players.love,absolutelynolife++$++23
hi,so today after a long thinking and daydreaming i decided i want to do something about my weight. nkw i am not overly fat,in somewhere around 75-80 kilos,and i am 16 years old. i wa once really fat,but managed to loose alot of my weight. the main "problem" area is my belly and upper part of my legs(english is not my native language zo sorry : (  )i have no gym in my area,and no workout place, i can work out once a day for maybe an hour.++$++16
why am i even alive++$++17
hello there. i am your average 24 year old guy and i am looking for a master to dominate my either via email, or even possibly on webcam. i do have a cam and and a smart phone so no issue on communication. i am a straight guy who is looking for some fun with another guy. i am in a committed relationship so this has to be taken into account that i may sometimes have availability issues but i promise i will get back to you.just a little about myself and what i like. i am your average 24 year old. i like sports, video games, hanging out with friends etc. i am a bit on the heavier side so i would hope that is ok with you. i am open to any sizes and age. here are some of my likes, dislikes, and limits.likes: orgasm denial, t&amp;d, ball torture, nipple torture, humiliation, anal play, ruined orgasms and who knows i may like some other things.dislikes: cross dressing, extreme pain, water sports (these i just dislike, don't hate)limits: scat, blood, family, illegal, etc++$++24
i am 15 years old and 6'5". i love being tall and i would like to read about how you all grew up being tall aswell!++$++15
so i have made it to 6 days on hard mode and still haven't felt any strong urges even though i had used to pmo every 2-4 days. i am wondering if this is normal? i have also been feeling mentally more alert in my classes so thats an awesome improvement.++$++18
i am 20 years old and took a year off school to take an 11 month internship. i am eligible to invest in my employer's 401k plan at the end of the month when i turn 21. i plan on investing as much as i can into it as long as there is a company match.my company match on total pre-tax contributions is 100% on the first 1% of eligible earnings contributed and then 50% on the next 5% of eligible earnings contributed.i am concerned about this phase i read about the plan: "you will become 100 percent vested in any company match and investment earnings after you have completed one year of service (12 months of employment), including service earned prior to that date. if you decide to leave company after you are fully vested, you can take your contributions as well as any company match and earnings with you."does this imply that i will not get to keep the company match given to me since i will stop working here after 11 months? what does being 100% vested in the company match mean?it states elsewhere about vesting that "vesting refers to your non-forfeitable interest in your account balance. you are always 100 percent vested in your own contributions and their investment earnings. you will become 100 percent vested in any employer matching contributions (company match) and investment earnings after you have completed one year of service (12 months of employment), including service earned prior to that date. if you decide to leave company after you are fully vested, you can take your contributions as well as any company match and earnings with you."can someone help me understand whether i will get to keep the employer contribution or not when i leave to go back to school? if not i assume i would be better off investing in a roth ira.++$++20
to give a little back story about me, my boyfriend and i rent an upstairs room from my grandmother in new jersey. we also support the household, make repairs, ect. life has been good for the past year, but now my cousin is getting out of jail, and i know the first place he's going to come is my our house.    he is very dangerous, but my grandmother won't listen to reason. not only has he been incarcerated (i think about 70 times for child support/ minor offenses) he is also a heavy drug user. he has broken in several times, and will hold my grandmother up to the wall for money and scream in her face. every time she tells him to not come back/ she gets a restraining order, he uses the fact that he has a daughter as leverage and always lies/ guilts his way back in.    i can't put up with going through this cycle again. i am 23 years old, and he is a 27 year old man. i want to stay in my family home and not let it fall to pieces now that we're finally happy and have built up the house again. i have put a lot of money and love into the home, and i don't want to have to move out, but i'm stuck. i'm afraid for my possessions, and my health and safety. my grandmother is completely irrational when it comes to my cousin, taking his abuse and accepting every lie. (no matter how absurd or how much evidence you have that he's lying) what should i do? is there any legal action i can take?++$++23
hello, i'm 33 years old unemployed from europe and i've started dusting off my programming skills which have been closed in a chest deep in a dungeon for at least a decade. i would love to connect with either people who are willing to criticize my work and offer constructive feedback and also with people who have recently began learning web development and programming with the .net stack.thank you.++$++33
i am 21 years old. i come from guangzhou,china . i can speak chinese or cantonese . i am learning english and japanese now:d  i can teach you chinese or cantonese !!!++$++21
hey guys. i'm 17 years old and in a relationship with someone of the same age. basically i have a fetish of getting cheated on, the more grotesque and embarrassing the more it turns me on. the problem is that it makes me very jealous and depressed afterwards and i can't stop imagining her getting fucked. i've talked to her about it and she was supportive but didn't know what to do. it's unfair for me to be jealous and i don't let it affect her. i'm not sure what to do though.++$++17
every wednesday in my college we have a festival where students can put up a table or tent and sell stuff, advertise, give things out, fundraise etc to student walking by. obviously religious organizations also advertise and pass things out. the biggest ones are the "church" of scientology, this weird group that seems baptist but they're really aggressive and have some jehovah's witness elements to it, and the mormons. every once in a while there's the lutherans, messianic jews, anglicans and like once a semester (the worst of them all :p) the catholics. so when walking around people see my cross necklace and the first thing they ask is "how i am saved"; this lads to conversation which eventually leads to argument. i'm not a very confrontational person  by nature, sometimes i do get assertive or angry; but i prefer not to, and almost never about religion. when i'm confronted by evangelicals about how catholicism will take me to hell and i worship mary as god 2.0 and the pope is the antichrist; i end up just nodding my head and walking away. makes me feel like i'm betraying my faith. also, when i speak to mormons, i feel like its my responsibility to inform them of the big difference between mormonism and the rest of christianity, but i'm also too beta to do that (this is only a figure of speech) and end up listening to them about the book of mormon, the prophets etc. in other words, i am a spiritual pushover. how do you all deal with this, if you do; i'm not of the mindset that i should go out and convert everyone whether they like it or not, but i am getting a little tired of having my catholic faith getting crapped on by people; what's your approach to this type of situation?++$++20
hello i am a pretty average 24 year old guy looking to have some dpp fun with a dom of any sex. male or female is fine. i am 24 years old, on the heavier side but completely submissive and want to be used anyway you please.just a few things i am into (i realize it is more about what you are into but compromises can be made to find a common medium) are as followed:* tease &amp; denial* humiliation* anal* ruined orgasms* sph* forced bi* &amp; morei cannot wait to hear from someone interested and we can continue talking via pm and make this work.++$++24
i went to the doctor yesterday morning because i was having complications with my pregnancy. they confirmed my worst fear, that i am experiencing a miscarriage. i am 22 years old and this was my first pregnancy. yesterday was the most painful day of my life both emotionally and physically. today my husband and i are going to buy the december gemstone so i can make a necklace of it and we're also holding a small memorial service tonight with just his parents and mine. i want to know what others have done to keep the memory of their lost children alive. that child will be a part of our lives forever.++$++22
ok guys,its my first post here.i am 14 years old i have been doing nofap for almost a year.in october i reached 90 days but since then,i have been relapsing and can't get back on track.this is a promise to myself,i won't relapse till i reach at least 90 days.hope u all keep going...++$++14
i am 18 years old and have been trying to get the ear piercings i want. my first lobe piercings were done before i was a year old and they are obviously fine, but all of the piercings i have been attempting since i was 16 in my ears have not worked out. i got my cartilage when i turned 16, but being 16 and dumb i got it done at icing (yikes i know) and i also got some more lobe piercings there. the cartilage was super painful. i kept for about a year and it was constantly infected and sore and super swollen. so after a year i took it out and let it heal. i also got a couple lobe piercings at icing too. i kept these for about five months with no luck of healing. when i took them out i noticed a purple/ red circle surrounding the hole. they were always super sore and crusty. my boyfriend would always accidentally bump or hit them and by his request i took them out. i am a real stickler about cleaning. i make sure to clean new piercings for over the recommended time twice a day with saline solution. recently i have went to a real piercer. i got my cartilage done and one lobe. i have had the cartilage for about 8 months and i'm still having trouble. it has still been sore since day 1. recently it has become swollen and really sore. i've had my lobe for about 3 months and it still hurts and is swollen. so, i went back to my piercer and had her look at them and she informed my i had keloids. i have been using her advice of aspirin paste at night and tea tree oil during the day for 2 weeks but still no luck. they seem to hurt even more and almost burn, the swelling has gone down a little but there's still a constant pain. i asked my piercer if i could be allergic to the metal but she said it did not look like it and it would be much worse if i was allergic. i do have rather sensitive skin in general and often have to watch what facial products i use. any advice or experience would be wonderful!! tl;dr none of my piercings have really healed. even done by a professional they are constantly sore months after. possible keloid development/allergic to metal?++$++18
hi,i am looking to find a woman who would be interested in doing a 30 minute video skype session with me where i can play out some of my kinks (dirty talk, virtual sex, impregnation). i would like to be able to discuss this on advance so we can plan out the scene, the time and what you will wear. please let me know if you are interested.++$++36
hey guys. i'm 17 years old and in a relationship with someone of the same age. basically i have a fetish of getting cheated on, the more grotesque and embarrassing the more it turns me on. the problem is that it makes me very jealous and depressed afterwards and i can't stop imagining her getting fucked. i've talked to her about it and she was supportive but didn't know what to do. it's unfair for me to be jealous and i don't let it affect her. i'm not sure what to do though.tl;dr i have a cuckold fetish and it's making me jealous++$++17
my name is fae, i am 28, and i just got out of a two year relationship with a man i had trusted.   i had started to get treatment and therapy for severe ptsd, anxiety and panic attacks coupled with depression.  my ex couldn't be there for me when i needed him the most and decided to abandon me in june.  luckily i had a place to go.  but i havent let this get to me.  since i moved in june from houston to louisiana.  i have gotten my ged finally and my car back.  right now i cannot work until i get my meds adjusted.  the constant threat of crying, anxiety and panic attacks has me at my limits as to what i can do.  i am seeking help at the local county mental health clinic my my psych eval is over a month away and even then my medicaid  has been denied.  i have already recieved one letter of rejection and they are only partially hopeful that i might get it in the next few months.  they are trying to get me help with food stamps and assistance but even they said i should try for disability.  those of you who know me, know my sister had a debilitating disease called dystonia.  it caused her arms and legs to twist into her body and make movement on her own mostly impossible.  yet she still worked and raised a young daughter.  because of her i cannot  try for disability.  if she can work so can i.  i just need to get my medications and counseling/ therapy.  i refuse to be a burden on the system when with the right help i can be a productive member of society.  flowers are my passion and i want nothing more than to go back to doing that and making people smile through their beuaty and cheerfulness.  please, whatever you can send me to help pay for this as well as food, and my phone bill would be seriously appreciated.  i just want to be able to hold my head high and say i am employed again and i can support myself at least.update for november 17 2014:i am at my edge.  my depression, anxiety and ptsd are getting worse because my viibryd is slowly failing me.  i have the worst side effects coupled with this, memory loss, attenion span has plummeted and i am having trouble remembering to eat and drink.  i am losing weight, losing interest in the world around me.  i feel i am slowly fading into the blackness.  art doesn't help anymore. reading doesn't help anymore, even my beloved poetry is failing me.  i am so scared, most nights i lay awake staring at my cieling till i cannot fight sleep anymore.  than the nightmares start.  most are too horrible to even talk about let alone write down.please help me get better.  it's the only thing i want.this does not support only me,  but my emotional support dog, who has somehow managed to keep me here.  she deserves so much more.  i wish i could provide her with everything.http://www.gofundme.com/faewillfly++$++28
hello, my reddit friends!my name is douglas, i am 24 years old and i'm graduating in chemical engineering in 2015.i have an interview tomorrow at halliburton (here in brazil) and i would like to know if someone here could share some specifics about testing and subsea at halliburton.on their website there aren't many useful informations about that service line, so i would like to learn from someone that actually works with it.the only presentation that i could find is from 2013 and says it is divided in sub-psls: surface well testing, subsea safety system, testing tools, data acquisition services and sampling.then it explains a little about each sub-psl and that is it.i feel like i have some perspective already about it, enough for the interview perhaps, but i'd like to know more.i know i have the right profile, i am quick on my feet, i deal very well with people, i study hard, i am quite used to getting my hands dirty and i have no problem in staying away from my family.but the oilprice is going down and i am afraid they will not hire many interns this year and i want to be the best prepared i can to nail it.thank you all very much for reading and also replying!++$++24
so, here i am. i'm 24 years old, and i have no college degree. i just lost my job of two years. i was working at a restaurant with a promising future. i had been working there for 2 years, watching it blow up before my very eyes. investors have started to show interest from around the country, and the plans to franchise and get rich were (and still are, for those still there) inevitable. the sky is the limit. or was, for me. i just had a falling out with my boss there. i lost my job. now i'm broke, with no idea where to go. i have no college degree, and what's more, i still owe financial aid loans to the community college where i fucked up when i was 18. so i ask my fellow redditors : where do i go from here? should i work at some fast food joint, gas station, waiter position while i put myself through college? it seems like the only way to get an actual good paying job (you know, 40k-70k) is to get a degree and pay student loans for the rest of my life. so i'm wondering what are some recommendations? go to college? i don't even know what field i would want to go into. or is there a field that doesn't necessarily need a 4 year degree but still yields a half decent income? i'm of above average intelligence, well spoken, well written, well traveled. essentially i'm asking - should i put myself through college at 24 years old, or should i look for a job elsewhere that doesn't have requisites like a ba? i do not want to work in a fucking warehouse like a slave. but i mean, i am 24. and i'm broke. going to college will only make that worse. how am i supposed to move out of my parents house, while working a job that likely won't pay well because i don't have a degree, while trying to get a degree. and if college is my only option, what are the best/most interesting fields? thank you!++$++24
hello!being new to tickling/rp'ing stuff, i was looking for people who, just like me, have this big thing for roleplaying. i'm 18 years old, male and in search for a female ler/lee. i prefer being tickled, but can get tickly at times. :pfeel free to send a pm or comment if you're interested. :)++$++18
today was my fourth morning waking up after four days without pmo. i am 15 years old and let me just say it was amazing waking up. for the past couple years i have had an extremely hard time waking up in the morning and often miss class because of it. not anymore. now every morning i hop right out bed and into a cold show. i just wanted to thank the community for making such a positive change in my life. cheers!++$++15
money savvy people of reddit,i am 20 years old and a junior in engineering at a good university. i will (hopefully) graduate in a couple of years and be thrust into "the real world." thanks to some generous parents and academic scholarships, i have no student loans or debt in general in my name. i have also been working full time every other semester in my field and have managed to build up about 10k that i don't need to pay the bills month to month. right now that money just sits in my checking account, collecting dust. how might i wisely use this chunk of cash to do something more productive? i hesitate to put it into anything too long term, due to the uncertainty of the next few years of employment for me, but i also feel like this is too much money to just let sit in a checking account. i'm new to /r/personalfinance, i hope to find y'all helpful. suggestions?++$++20
i am 27 years old and i havent played or even thought of pokemon since blue and red. whats the deal with (seemingly) adults playing pokemon and talking about it with strangers over the internet?++$++27
allright i am 16 years old and i have ingrown nails on my both toes for about 2 years now. i have pain almost everysingle day, i read about threatments and saw that the best is surgery but i really don't want to do that. can you tell me some home treatment so i don't have ingrown nails anymore because they hurt so damn much!++$++16
hello everyone;i'm not usually one to ask for prayers, but today, my uncle needs prayers around the world.i come from a country that has fallen victim to corruption, graft, and bribery in the judicial and legislative systems. for these reasons, and other reasons of security, we left to the us 14 years ago. my uncle, as well as my other fmaily members, was a middle ranking commissioned officer of the army there, and later on a public servant. during his time in public service, he planned operations that led to the arrest and conviction of dozens of notorious and influential members of the narcotics mafia there. unfortunately, once these same members later gained control of the court system, they turned the tables and charged my uncle (falsely) with murder. it has been 12 years since he was charged and he has been jailed for that long. today, the appeals court decides his fate by vote of 9 judges. i do not ask you to pray that the judges absolve or condemn him, especially because that would make things political, i ask you to pray that god's will be done; and that he, who knows the truth of all, may bring justice. thank you to all in advance.++$++20
i am currently 6 weeks into a three month bulk. i am 20 years old, male, and currently weigh 184. six weeks ago, before i started by bulk, i weighed 179. my goal is to bulk up to 190, and then immediately begin a six week cut that would end right when my spring break starts (college student here, going to cancun). ideally, i would like to weigh 175 at the end of my cut. so i was just wondering if six weeks is enough time to cut and get down to 175 before march 6. if not, should i just end my bulk after week 11 or 10 and start cutting then? thanks.++$++20
hello! a little help would be appreciated. i am 23 years old and i just started my career and made my first 18k. out of my 18k i paid 5k worth of dept. i want to keep 3k for emergencies and etc. that leaves me with a nice 10k i would like to invest. things to consider : i don't have car payments. (paid off)i don't pay rent. (live with my parents) i don't pay my cell phone (employer pays it) i have no obligatory payments whatsoever. i might reinvest another 10k in february.i cannot invest in real estate since i haven't been working a full two years but i have a near perfect credit. i plan on buying next year. i live in quebec, canada. thanks.++$++23
hey all! i've been lurking here on and off for a while, as well as reading other websites. right now i'm 22 years old. i've saved up several thousand dollars, and i've opened (and contributed $5,500 to) a roth ira savings account. i have had a credit card since high school that i have no debt on and have used purely for building credit, and my fico score is now over 700. i have also put $3,000 in a cd.i still have several thousand dollars left over, and i'm not sure what to do with it. i would greatly appreciate any advice. :)++$++22
i'm 24 years old and in good health. the health insurance through my job is a high deductible plan ($2200) but there's no hsa available. what they do instead is take out whatever amount you choose from each paycheck and put it into a savings account for your deductible. no tax advantages... i think it's stupid but i'm sure it saves them money. at the end of each year, we get a deposit into that account for about the same amount as the deductible. it's just a regular savings account in my name, so i can do whatever i want with it.my question is, is it better to count this toward my ef or keep it separate? for example, do i want 6 months of expenses in the ef on top of the $2200 deductible or is sticking it all together fine?++$++24
i'm 20 years old and i've been biting my nails since at least like 10 or 11 and i literally can't stop. share your success stories so i have a chance before it's too late.thanks!++$++20
hi! my name is [lizz](http://imgur.com/rfi1jly) and i am 25 years old! i currently work as a nurse during the week and decorate [cakes](http://imgur.com/a/ta4cz) on the weekend! i have a 6 year old daughter named [rylie!](http://imgur.com/a/agncx) she is so much fun and a really big nerd! she loves all things science especially astronomy and geology. she also enjoys math and plans to be a physicist! i also have 3 [puppies](http://imgur.com/a/uj61s) that are my babies as well! they are more trouble than not! i am engaged to a wonderful man, [evan](http://imgur.com/gpsr9go), who is working in sleep medicine most nights and when he isn't there he is out working on his astrophotography! things i enjoy are reading..i am especially in love with creepy short stories or true crime books! i also like to make things out of polymer clay and i am currently in the process of learning cross-stitch! i also enjoy the occasional trashy reality show, bath fizzies, anything covered in cheese, science related things, playing the sims, listening to music, playing music, and cooking! this place seems like a lot of fun and i hope to make some great friendships here!++$++25
hi ladies! i'm 21 years old and have social anxiety and ocd. i've always been a huge fan of gaming and i've always had a lot of fun. it's something i sincerely enjoy and i think it's just an all around fantastic hobby/time waster. i was browsing some articles and threads about anxiety and gaming and... it made me pretty sad. i was reading and for a lot of people, they loved video games because they could be themselves and they were able to speak and to connect with people. it gave them a way to sort of be themselves and feel comfortable. for me, though, i can't do that. i highly enjoy mmo's but...to me they're a single player game. i'm too nervous to join a guild or even chat. i get anxious being in a raid or a lfg group. if someone messages me out of nowhere or invites me to a group i immediately log off because it gives me a panic attack. it makes me sad because i see these groups of people who play together and they have so much fun and i'm incredibly envious of them. i've always wanted to be a part of a group that just chatted and played together but because of how i am, i can never have that. even more, this carries over into single player games as well. i can never pick pocket or steal in games because it makes me nervous. i can never select a seemingly rude dialogue option because it also triggers an anxious feeling. it all sounds incredibly silly as i think about it and as i type it out and i recognize that but it's just something i struggle with.i'm still going to play video games and i'm still going to have fun. i guess just reading all of those articles and threads made me realize that both in game and irl, i'll never be able to be open and be me. it also sort of makes me feel like i'm not able to enjoy a video game to it's full extent. and i guess that's a pretty depressing realization. i just wanted to rant a bit i suppose. i've been thinking about this all night and i don't have any friends so i thought i'd post here so thanks for hearing me out!++$++21
what happens if skarner ults someone and then kalista ults skarner++$++15
my name is chris. i'm 18 years old. i used to be very overweight, damn at this point do i miss those days. another thing is, i'm gay. and the opinions of others mean so much to me. to the point where i began destroying myself. i have an eating disorder, which is constantly thought about and destroying my life. please, don't let the opinions of others destroy your life. i feel as if im too late. i used to be happy with what i ate, my stomach honestly could handle it. and now i can barely eat 3 bites of something, with feeling full. constant thoughts flood my mind, when i do eat. my advice to  all of you, being skinny isn't worth it when you aren't healthy. keep yourself happy and healthy, because when you're on that road, fuck what everyone else thinks. i wish i would have known that. ++$++18
i am 26 years old, 5'6", 220 lbs, about 23% bodyfat (i will cut soon), and on testosterone replacement therapy for natural low t.main lifts:* bench - 325* squat - 465* deadlift - 515* overhead press - 200ishi am dying to get 400, 500, 600, and 225 on those lifts. any recommendations?++$++26
i think it's been around 7 days. i played vain glory it a couple of weeks ago during a weekend, and after probably 4 or 5 matches i uninstalled it. i had had enough with team mates just standing still doing nothing. this is my first moba, btw. i still don't even know what 'moba' means. but a few days ago i said "c'mon, give it another go. just level up a bit and you should be seeing less of those kinds of players." i downloaded it again, and it was only two days later that i found myself looking for builds, something i had *never* done before in any game, and i'm 30 years old. i felt a bit embarrassed of myself, but i thought "if you're enjoying it and doesn't affect your life negatively, don't feel bad." and so i did too.i found a very engaging and challenging game, i was able to unlock my favorite character, i've been happy with my own 'build' (but i'm going to try one that i've just read in this subreddit), i've added as friends some players that i've enjoyed playing with and we've partied in different occasions, and it's been very very fun.so congratulations and a big thank you to the developers and the players who don't just go head first into a bunch of enemies and leave 5-level-me having to deal with 8-level-enemies. you make this experience really enjoyable.++$++30
http://i.imgur.com/5o3oxem.jpg i'm 16 years old and since i was in primary school some kids were allways telling me that im ugly and stupid.i was allways wondering if i'm really ugly or were they just bullys?updated picture without glasses : http://i.imgur.com/qmgfqfv.jpg++$++16
i'm 17 years old and am really interested in cars. exotics, classics, you name it. i currently have a 2003 pontiac grand prix gt, but it is starting to accumulate a lot of miles. (175k) i was looking into getting something new but my parents said i have to get something fwd and a 4 cylinder, :(. i was thinking a 2003-2005 dodge neon srt-4, because it is a little better on gas than my current car and i think insurance would be cheaper. it meets her requirements and i like the car. i was just wondering if you guys think it is a good choice or if i should look for something else. thx++$++17
i work with my father in his insurance office. i'm in my office when i hear him talking about tamir rice, the 12 year old boy who was shot in the chest twice."... he pointed a gun at the cop..."dad, if you've seen the footage, you would know that's total horse shit. since you haven't, shut up.i played with toy guns when i was 12. if i went outside to play with it and was shot by a police officer, would you just automatically assume that i pointed the gun at him? is that what you would say? "well he must have had it coming." that breaks my heart. i was a 12 year old boy once. that could have been me. would you really have jumped to the cop's defense if that was me? would you say it was my fault that i was killed? "well then he should have given the cop more time to think before showing him the gun."i don't understand. how could it have come to this? how is it that everyone in the office has a child and *still* take the cop's side?what? you're defending the "peace officer?" you concede that he might have overreacted and you're still going to defend him? would you defend him if it was lucas that was shot instead of tamir? we're talking about a 12 year boy. barely out of the 4th grade. he didn't think about hurting that cop. he probably didn't go to show the bb gun to him to prove his innocence. he probably just went to show him because he thought it was cool. lorrie, your sympathies lie with the cop and not the mother?tamir's mother cried when she heard that her little boy was killed. would my mom have cried? tamir's little sister was playing in the same park when he was killed. she screamed. my sister would have screamed, right? the other cop threw her on the ground. she was *obviously* a threat. would my little sister have been thrown to the ground because her big brother was killed in front of her? no. he wasn't "killed." being "killed" implies too little. he was murdered. that cop murdered that boy. he didn't "kill" tamir; he murdered tamir.life will go on. everyone will put that episode behind them so they can focus on the newest current event. everyone but tamir's mom. his little sister too. we'll go on to throw fucking parades for cops, our heroes, our defenders against crime. no one will remember - if the even knew to begin with - that a little boy was murdered by a cop. all of those cops in the parade, what did they do when they found out about tamir? they probably took the cop's side. if they didn't, what did they do? did they arrest that cop for being a suspect in a murder? did they quit their job in protest? sign a petition? anything? they're in a parade; who gives a shit what they didn't do? don't you know that in america, we worship our cops? that's just what we do. all the rest doesn't matter.i'm 18 years old. my birthday is in february. could i really have been killed 6 years ago for playing with that airsoft gun? i'm almost 19 and i'm alive. i'm white. does that matter? was my pigmentation my guardian angel? my heart weeps for tamir. my dad's heart doesn't for tamir's dad.i can read the headline now. "grand jury: no true bill"++$++18
i don't have a wife or girlfriend and most likely never will, but i'm serious about this. if i have to go the rest of my life without ever purposefully achieving sexual release, so be it.i have heard that wet dreams are supposed to make it easier. problem is, i've never had one. i didn't start fapping until i was 15, and never had one before thatand trust me, it wasn't due to lack of libido. i always had boners that i just didn't know how to get rid of. that was half my life ago. i'm 30 now. there have been long periods of time during which i never fappedsometimes guilt-induced, but not always. i think the longest was three months (that may be a bit of an overestimate, but i'm setting it up as a landmark in my mind anyway). i was definitely experiencing pain during those times from non-release, but i never had a wet dream. not once in 30 years.so, any advice? diet or exercise? sleeping position? i'm open to any ideas. even if they end up being incorrect they're worth a try as far as i'm concerned.++$++30
i'm looking to find out - which jobs/careers would allow for me to travel? my number one goal in life is to go everywhere, see everything. learn all there is to learn. eat the foods in all the places of the world. do as much as i can in as many places as possible. are there any specific careers that involve wide traveling? i mean anything and everything, regardless of educational prerequisites, low pay but still plentiful and frequent travel. i'd love some insight.thank you!++$++24
jay is lying saying he knows nothing and then after a bit, he decides to "come clean". do you think he went into this interview planning to "confess"? or after seeing what the cops had, did he decide in that moment that there was enough to pin it on adnan?++$++20
just wondering. my son is only 3 months but does really good at night. he goes down in his crib that's in my bedroom at around 10pm, wakes at 6 or 7 for a bottle and then goes back to sleep until 10am. i'm just wondering; when did you move your babies to their own room? i've been thinking about moving him to his room, but it's kind of far from our bedroom. but at the same time, i'm a light sleeper and i think i would be able to hear him if i had a baby monitor. he never really cries when he wakes up. i just hear him moving around and hitting the sides of his crib. but i sort of feel like it's still to early. what do you guys think?++$++20
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* cop cleared in eric garner chokehold death, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2o6j58/cop_cleared_in_eric_garner_chokehold_death/)**  * nasa officially announces manned mars mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2o76tv/nasa_officially_announces_manned_mars_mission/)**  * a case study of a city requiring officers to wear cameras at all times. complaints down 88%. instances of force used down 60%., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2o568b/a_case_study_of_a_city_requiring_officers_to_wear/)**  * elephant who wept through his rescue officially declared 'free': on tuesday, indias allahabad high court officially declared raju free to live out his days in peace on the grounds of the sanctuary among elephants just like himself, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2o5zmh/elephant_who_wept_through_his_rescue_officially/)**  * sony hack is potentially the worst in history. 100 tb stolen, including unreleased movies &amp;amp; scripts, medical records, 3800 ssns, etc., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2o5yxp/sony_hack_is_potentially_the_worst_in_history_100/)**  * great analysis during the predators game last night..., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2o5tto/great_analysis_during_the_predators_game_last/)**  * grand jury declines to indict new york officer in chokehold death of eric garner, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2o6p4n/grand_jury_declines_to_indict_new_york_officer_in/)**  * copyright law as a tool for state censorship of the internet, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2o6flb/copyright_law_as_a_tool_for_state_censorship_of/)**  * has "tho" become the new way people say "though"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2o5fys/has_tho_become_the_new_way_people_say_though/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about wizmouse an application that allows you to scroll background applications and windows without having to leave your current page., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2o689a/ysk_about_wizmouse_an_application_that_allows_you/)**  * ask anything wednesday - biology, chemistry, neuroscience, medicine, psychology, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2o5p8l/ask_anything_wednesday_biology_chemistry/)**  * eli5:how the hell can my copy of pokemon gold for gameboy color know what the correct time is after a decade of inactivity, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2o5g8g/eli5how_the_hell_can_my_copy_of_pokemon_gold_for/)**  * til when joan crawford died, her long time rival bette davis said:you should never say bad things about the dead, you should only say good . . . joan crawford is dead. good., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2o6l2j/til_when_joan_crawford_died_her_long_time_rival/)**  * the google misery index: tracking anxiety, stress and depression with google trends [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2o686p/the_google_misery_index_tracking_anxiety_stress/)**  * how to tie the perfect bow on a gift, every time!, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2o6cvp/how_to_tie_the_perfect_bow_on_a_gift_every_time/)**  * why is "where's wally?" called "where's waldo?" in the us?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2o5w2p/why_is_wheres_wally_called_wheres_waldo_in_the_us/)**  * innovating plasters - an obvious idea that took a while to address, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2o5brk/innovating_plasters_an_obvious_idea_that_took_a/)**  * the tiny siberian flying squirrel is found all the way from japan's northern islands to the european eastern frontier of finland, estonia and latvia where they are considered a vulnerable species., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2o4uas/the_tiny_siberian_flying_squirrel_is_found_all/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if you're having trouble deciding on a good gift for someone, tell them you already got them something amazing and have them guess what it is., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2o6ltu/lpt_if_youre_having_trouble_deciding_on_a_good/)**  * 3-4 month progress, nothing too crazy.. i wanna say it was hard and i earned it but in reality i found it quite easy, i think it's an attitude thing., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2o56xn/34_month_progress_nothing_too_crazy_i_wanna_say/)**  * [image] i find this poem by bo burnham oddly motivational., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2o65vh/image_i_find_this_poem_by_bo_burnham_oddly/)**  * how to become a morning person 101, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2o51wz/how_to_become_a_morning_person_101/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: we are scientists at los alamos national laboratory modeling infectious diseases using internet systems and computational approaches, we just published how to monitor and forecast diseases around the world using wikipedia. ask us anything!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2o5h9i/science_ama_series_we_are_scientists_at_los/)**  * the most complete answer i've ever seen to the fermi paradox, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2o5el5/the_most_complete_answer_ive_ever_seen_to_the/)**  * sitting under the apollo test site, looking at the orion test site., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2o6hdc/sitting_under_the_apollo_test_site_looking_at_the/)**  * european probe shoots down dark-matter claims: planck's four-year study of relic radiation also resolves other cosmological riddles, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2o4wde/european_probe_shoots_down_darkmatter_claims/)**  * this is how small we are, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2o7fvm/this_is_how_small_we_are/)**  * engineers take big step toward using light instead of wires inside computers, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2o5iwq/engineers_take_big_step_toward_using_light/)**  * world corruption perceptions index 2014 [4465x2879], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2o60gn/world_corruption_perceptions_index_2014_4465x2879/)**  * why i like xslt., *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2o5nvy/why_i_like_xslt/)**  * software freedom conservancy (home of git, mercurial, inkscape, and more) launches membership program. support 'em!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2o5pb6/software_freedom_conservancy_home_of_git/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is the stupidest thing you have seen an otherwise smart person do?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2o5le9/what_is_the_stupidest_thing_you_have_seen_an/)**  * okay, it's open season. michael c. hall here. ama., *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2o630a/okay_its_open_season_michael_c_hall_here_ama/)**  * i'm a homeless man who works as a waiter in a fine dining restaurant. ask me anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2o71zl/im_a_homeless_man_who_works_as_a_waiter_in_a_fine/)**  * spoiler alert: someone in /r/til is angry that a user posted spoilers for a show that went off the air in 2002, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2o65w0/spoiler_alert_someone_in_rtil_is_angry_that_a/)**  * /u/99999999 vs. /u/trevcats for 1st degree lying for karma gain, unlawful means of reaching the front page, and receiving gold on unlawful means, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2o505t/u99999999_vs_utrevcats_for_1st_degree_lying_for/)**  * redditor takes a picture of two strangers getting engaged. another redditor finds them to deliver the picture., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2o5do3/redditor_takes_a_picture_of_two_strangers_getting/)**  * because cats., *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2o65hm/because_cats/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2o4zce) /r/starwarsprecut, /r/leagueoflegends, /r/oddlysatisfying, /r/shortfilms, /r/foodporn  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* smashing pumpkins: graceful swans of never (2013), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2o67ox/smashing_pumpkins_graceful_swans_of_never_2013/)**  * american psycho, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2o4xpj/american_psycho/)**  * daniel craig: blame 'austin powers' for the super serious james bond movies, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2o5si7/daniel_craig_blame_austin_powers_for_the_super/)**  * bojack horseman theme - patrick carney (the black keys) [electronic/jazz] - [4:24] the full version of the opening song of bojack horseman., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2o60f6/bojack_horseman_theme_patrick_carney_the_black/)**  * fidlar -- cheap beer [punk/rock] (2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2o5rot/fidlar_cheap_beer_punkrock_2012/)**  * website that auto generates swear words and phrases, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2o4dgg/website_that_auto_generates_swear_words_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* the one time i wish he'd roll into a ball he refused.., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2o6dee/the_one_time_i_wish_hed_roll_into_a_ball_he/)**  * twelve apostles from the air, victoria, australia [oc] [1800x1200], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2o58ns/twelve_apostles_from_the_air_victoria_australia/)**  * the motions of canoers and kayakers revealed with leds in long exposure photography., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2o5ltd/the_motions_of_canoers_and_kayakers_revealed_with/)**  * building of the soviet buran space-shuttle, circa 1982. kazakhstan at the baikonur complex. [17151148]., *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2o6021/building_of_the_soviet_buran_spaceshuttle_circa/)**  * epic sunrise over the mossy rocks at shore, belgium [1024x600] by jay, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2o5axz/epic_sunrise_over_the_mossy_rocks_at_shore/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* nisekoi yomeiri discussion?, *from /r/nisekoi* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nisekoi/comments/2o50xb/nisekoi_yomeiri_discussion/)**  * small question (no upvotes please), *from /r/starcraftcirclejerk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraftcirclejerk/comments/2o4z93/small_question_no_upvotes_please/)**  * work on your country bends, *from /r/guitarlessons* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/guitarlessons/comments/2o6gvw/work_on_your_country_bends/)**  * china has broken hong kong agreement, say british mps uk government is urged to condemn china after it refused to allow delegation of mps into former british territory, *from /r/hongkong* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hongkong/comments/2o5429/china_has_broken_hong_kong_agreement_say_british/)**  * utah orders startup to raise prices so competitors are "treated fairly", *from /r/economics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/2o5mjt/utah_orders_startup_to_raise_prices_so/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* my cat probably thinks i go to the vet everyday since that's the only place he has been that's not home, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2o5ntg/my_cat_probably_thinks_i_go_to_the_vet_everyday/)**  * release 15 bears every fourth of july into new york city without police intervention., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2o5s42/release_15_bears_every_fourth_of_july_into_new/)**  * imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. you spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. you just use the future to escape the present.  john green, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2o4nga/imagining_the_future_is_a_kind_of_nostalgia_you/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* cop cleared in eric garner chokehold death, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2o6j58/cop_cleared_in_eric_garner_chokehold_death/)**  * nasa officially announces manned mars mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2o76tv/nasa_officially_announces_manned_mars_mission/)**  * a case study of a city requiring officers to wear cameras at all times. complaints down 88%. instances of force used down 60%., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2o568b/a_case_study_of_a_city_requiring_officers_to_wear/)**  * elephant who wept through his rescue officially declared 'free': on tuesday, indias allahabad high court officially declared raju free to live out his days in peace on the grounds of the sanctuary among elephants just like himself, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2o5zmh/elephant_who_wept_through_his_rescue_officially/)**  * sony hack is potentially the worst in history. 100 tb stolen, including unreleased movies &amp;amp; scripts, medical records, 3800 ssns, etc., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2o5yxp/sony_hack_is_potentially_the_worst_in_history_100/)**  * great analysis during the predators game last night..., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2o5tto/great_analysis_during_the_predators_game_last/)**  * grand jury declines to indict new york officer in chokehold death of eric garner, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2o6p4n/grand_jury_declines_to_indict_new_york_officer_in/)**  * copyright law as a tool for state censorship of the internet, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2o6flb/copyright_law_as_a_tool_for_state_censorship_of/)**  * has "tho" become the new way people say "though"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2o5fys/has_tho_become_the_new_way_people_say_though/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about wizmouse an application that allows you to scroll background applications and windows without having to leave your current page., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2o689a/ysk_about_wizmouse_an_application_that_allows_you/)**  * ask anything wednesday - biology, chemistry, neuroscience, medicine, psychology, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2o5p8l/ask_anything_wednesday_biology_chemistry/)**  * eli5:how the hell can my copy of pokemon gold for gameboy color know what the correct time is after a decade of inactivity, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2o5g8g/eli5how_the_hell_can_my_copy_of_pokemon_gold_for/)**  * til when joan crawford died, her long time rival bette davis said:you should never say bad things about the dead, you should only say good . . . joan crawford is dead. good., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2o6l2j/til_when_joan_crawford_died_her_long_time_rival/)**  * the google misery index: tracking anxiety, stress and depression with google trends [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2o686p/the_google_misery_index_tracking_anxiety_stress/)**  * how to tie the perfect bow on a gift, every time!, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2o6cvp/how_to_tie_the_perfect_bow_on_a_gift_every_time/)**  * why is "where's wally?" called "where's waldo?" in the us?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2o5w2p/why_is_wheres_wally_called_wheres_waldo_in_the_us/)**  * innovating plasters - an obvious idea that took a while to address, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2o5brk/innovating_plasters_an_obvious_idea_that_took_a/)**  * the tiny siberian flying squirrel is found all the way from japan's northern islands to the european eastern frontier of finland, estonia and latvia where they are considered a vulnerable species., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2o4uas/the_tiny_siberian_flying_squirrel_is_found_all/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if you're having trouble deciding on a good gift for someone, tell them you already got them something amazing and have them guess what it is., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2o6ltu/lpt_if_youre_having_trouble_deciding_on_a_good/)**  * 3-4 month progress, nothing too crazy.. i wanna say it was hard and i earned it but in reality i found it quite easy, i think it's an attitude thing., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2o56xn/34_month_progress_nothing_too_crazy_i_wanna_say/)**  * [image] i find this poem by bo burnham oddly motivational., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2o65vh/image_i_find_this_poem_by_bo_burnham_oddly/)**  * how to become a morning person 101, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2o51wz/how_to_become_a_morning_person_101/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: we are scientists at los alamos national laboratory modeling infectious diseases using internet systems and computational approaches, we just published how to monitor and forecast diseases around the world using wikipedia. ask us anything!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2o5h9i/science_ama_series_we_are_scientists_at_los/)**  * the most complete answer i've ever seen to the fermi paradox, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2o5el5/the_most_complete_answer_ive_ever_seen_to_the/)**  * sitting under the apollo test site, looking at the orion test site., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2o6hdc/sitting_under_the_apollo_test_site_looking_at_the/)**  * european probe shoots down dark-matter claims: planck's four-year study of relic radiation also resolves other cosmological riddles, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2o4wde/european_probe_shoots_down_darkmatter_claims/)**  * this is how small we are, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2o7fvm/this_is_how_small_we_are/)**  * engineers take big step toward using light instead of wires inside computers, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2o5iwq/engineers_take_big_step_toward_using_light/)**  * world corruption perceptions index 2014 [4465x2879], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2o60gn/world_corruption_perceptions_index_2014_4465x2879/)**  * why i like xslt., *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2o5nvy/why_i_like_xslt/)**  * software freedom conservancy (home of git, mercurial, inkscape, and more) launches membership program. support 'em!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2o5pb6/software_freedom_conservancy_home_of_git/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is the stupidest thing you have seen an otherwise smart person do?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2o5le9/what_is_the_stupidest_thing_you_have_seen_an/)**  * okay, it's open season. michael c. hall here. ama., *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2o630a/okay_its_open_season_michael_c_hall_here_ama/)**  * i'm a homeless man who works as a waiter in a fine dining restaurant. ask me anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2o71zl/im_a_homeless_man_who_works_as_a_waiter_in_a_fine/)**  * spoiler alert: someone in /r/til is angry that a user posted spoilers for a show that went off the air in 2002, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2o65w0/spoiler_alert_someone_in_rtil_is_angry_that_a/)**  * /u/99999999 vs. /u/trevcats for 1st degree lying for karma gain, unlawful means of reaching the front page, and receiving gold on unlawful means, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2o505t/u99999999_vs_utrevcats_for_1st_degree_lying_for/)**  * redditor takes a picture of two strangers getting engaged. another redditor finds them to deliver the picture., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2o5do3/redditor_takes_a_picture_of_two_strangers_getting/)**  * because cats., *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2o65hm/because_cats/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2o4zce) /r/starwarsprecut, /r/leagueoflegends, /r/oddlysatisfying, /r/shortfilms, /r/foodporn  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* smashing pumpkins: graceful swans of never (2013), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2o67ox/smashing_pumpkins_graceful_swans_of_never_2013/)**  * american psycho, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2o4xpj/american_psycho/)**  * daniel craig: blame 'austin powers' for the super serious james bond movies, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2o5si7/daniel_craig_blame_austin_powers_for_the_super/)**  * bojack horseman theme - patrick carney (the black keys) [electronic/jazz] - [4:24] the full version of the opening song of bojack horseman., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2o60f6/bojack_horseman_theme_patrick_carney_the_black/)**  * fidlar -- cheap beer [punk/rock] (2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2o5rot/fidlar_cheap_beer_punkrock_2012/)**  * website that auto generates swear words and phrases, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2o4dgg/website_that_auto_generates_swear_words_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* the one time i wish he'd roll into a ball he refused.., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2o6dee/the_one_time_i_wish_hed_roll_into_a_ball_he/)**  * twelve apostles from the air, victoria, australia [oc] [1800x1200], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2o58ns/twelve_apostles_from_the_air_victoria_australia/)**  * the motions of canoers and kayakers revealed with leds in long exposure photography., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2o5ltd/the_motions_of_canoers_and_kayakers_revealed_with/)**  * building of the soviet buran space-shuttle, circa 1982. kazakhstan at the baikonur complex. [17151148]., *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2o6021/building_of_the_soviet_buran_spaceshuttle_circa/)**  * epic sunrise over the mossy rocks at shore, belgium [1024x600] by jay, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2o5axz/epic_sunrise_over_the_mossy_rocks_at_shore/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* nisekoi yomeiri discussion?, *from /r/nisekoi* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nisekoi/comments/2o50xb/nisekoi_yomeiri_discussion/)**  * small question (no upvotes please), *from /r/starcraftcirclejerk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraftcirclejerk/comments/2o4z93/small_question_no_upvotes_please/)**  * work on your country bends, *from /r/guitarlessons* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/guitarlessons/comments/2o6gvw/work_on_your_country_bends/)**  * china has broken hong kong agreement, say british mps uk government is urged to condemn china after it refused to allow delegation of mps into former british territory, *from /r/hongkong* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hongkong/comments/2o5429/china_has_broken_hong_kong_agreement_say_british/)**  * utah orders startup to raise prices so competitors are "treated fairly", *from /r/economics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/2o5mjt/utah_orders_startup_to_raise_prices_so/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* my cat probably thinks i go to the vet everyday since that's the only place he has been that's not home, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2o5ntg/my_cat_probably_thinks_i_go_to_the_vet_everyday/)**  * release 15 bears every fourth of july into new york city without police intervention., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2o5s42/release_15_bears_every_fourth_of_july_into_new/)**  * imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. you spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. you just use the future to escape the present.  john green, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2o4nga/imagining_the_future_is_a_kind_of_nostalgia_you/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
so my life all of a sudden became depressing. it was like flipping a switch. is this the flatline that i hear so much about?++$++18
okay so i just uninstalled a bunch of things at once in cydia and now i'm booting into safe mode, i have no idea what to do, i know for a fact i didn't uninstall anything important so idk what it is. please help!++$++20
does anyone have any experience or insider knowledge about this program?http://www.hsbc.com/careers/students-and-graduates/programmesi posted earlier about my desire to be a proper credit analyst. i don't want to be a glorified teller (as some postings don't seem like real credit analysts but this). i studied international business and have an intense passion and desire to eventually end up working in japan (language i study)  or elsewhere internationally in banking/finance. eventually i hope to grow into some more serious stuff like equity research etc. but that's far and away. mitsubishi ufj seems to have an amazing global analyst programhttp://www.bk.mufg.jp/global/careers/analyst.html... but it requires a 3.5 gpa. i screwed around early in my school career until i got mature near the end and have a solid 3.0 so i'm out for that. i searched around more and found hsbcs but i don't know if it's a *real* program or just a program to make me a bank retail type manager.i'm still learning about career paths and eventually i'd like to end up in equity research or other financial roles that would allow me to grow and develop, while working internationally++$++25
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on thursday.  **report period:**   wednesday, november 26, 2014 through tuesday, december 02, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anime** [[full report](/2o8pnf)]   ---* [neon genesis evangelion to released on blu-ray; tv series and movies to be hd-remastered.](/2nxcss)  * [i went out and saw this sign at the theater...](/2ntgst)  * [clamp did an illustration for the 10th anniversary of fate/stay night](/2o2tmz)  * [eureka seven is now on us netflix](/2o1tck)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askreddit** [[full report](/2o91ag)]   ---* [what tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?](/2np694)  * [as a kid, what was your worst "shit, my parents are going to kill me" moment?](/2nlrya)  * [what free stuff on the internet should everyone be taking advantage of?](/2ngpqo)  * [what is the best socially unacceptable piece of advice?](/2nsip9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/buddhism** [[full report](/2o8gij)]   ---* [harvard unveils mri study proving meditation literally rebuilds the brains gray matter in 8 weeks](/2nmhim)  * [thich nhat hanh still stable and his hemorrhage has slightly reduced in size](/2nwldi)  * [meditation tips on taming the monkey mind (having too many thoughts): the enthusiastic buddhist](/2np4j4)  * [first study to test meditation against psychotherapy for the treatment of depression. guess what they found...........](/2nshoe)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlebroke** [[full report](/2o8dpf)]   ---* [op posts picture in /r/oldschoolcool of mom yelling at a cop through a megaphone during an anti-apartheid protest in 70s...try and guess who reddit sides with?](/2nl3kn)  * [dae dress professionally at work???](/2ntbl0)  * [a perfect example right now on r/worldnews of what is wrong with reddit](/2nnin9)  * [[low hanging fruit] the perpetual whinefest that is /r/lostgeneration is like the great red spot on jupiter](/2nlj3w)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/coolgithubprojects** [[full report](/2o8dgr)]   ---* [3d.city: 3d city builder](/2nv03h)  * [swing. a swipeable cards interface. the swipe-left/swipe-right for yes/no input. as seen in apps like jelly and tinder.](/2nhmdj)  * [the complete archive for doom for the 3do](/2nwhp7)  * [a reimplementation of bioware's aurora engine - xoreos/xoreos](/2ntq3q)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/foodforthought** [[full report](/2o8fic)]   ---* [the tech worker shortage doesn't really exist -- the real issue is the industrys desire for lower-wage, more-exploitable guest workers](/2nqva7)  * [yes, the u.s. can reduce emissions 80% by 2050  in 6 graphs](/2nkh8e)  * [my insurance company (health republic) killed me, despite obamacare](/2nphro)  * [armed and dangerous  how mission creep is turning our cops into warriors](/2nh596)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/games** [[full report](/2o8maf)]   ---* [dayz steam price increases +15% and then immediately goes on sale for 15% off](/2niu0m)  * [steam broadcasting](/2o2jhh)  * [marvel and star wars are "not off-limits" for kingdom hearts 3](/2o1ki4)  * [gta: san andreas hd for the xbox 360 is a broken mess](/2noatp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewildaudio** [[full report](/2o8hqt)]   ---* [[f4m] cock worship xi - at the spa...[script by /u/hornygoodboy][blowjob][soothing, relaxing...stimulating...][enjoy the warm water and cum in my mouth]](/2npmnf)  * [[f4a] sybian rape [rape][sybian][forced orgasm][begging]](/2nnitp)  * [[f4m]if i move my hips like this[working your cock just right][girlie sex noises]](/2nxayo)  * [[f4m] parking garage rape [rape][public][anal][lots of crying and begging][script by /u/vocawriter112]](/2nljbr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/imaginarycityscapes** [[full report](/2o8dlo)]   ---* [house of loose silk by chris ostrowski](/2nsdac)  * [ruins in the water by h@ge](/2ny0l6)  * [superstructure by jonathan maurin](/2nlbhe)  * [high altitude by ian jun wei chiew](/2nofpa)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/jokes** [[full report](/2o8oh6)]   ---* [two fleas on vacation (nsfw)](/2ngocz)  * [i tried uploading my sex tape to pornhub.](/2no1fz)  * [my wife always accuses me of having a favorite child.](/2nrv35)  * [a piece of toast and a hard boiled egg walked into a bar.....](/2nkp3p)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mapporn** [[full report](/2o8h0g)]   ---* [college mail received as a high schooler in montana, by state [1600x1200] [oc]](/2nm180)  * [italian unification, 19th century [gif][1000x1000]](/2nvokt)  * [world alcohol consumption [2027x1358]](/2nhf4r)  * [favorite nfl team by us county [1127x703]](/2nojvb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mensrights** [[full report](/2o8jx4)]   ---* [piers morgan on rape of shia labeouf](/2nqc0p)  * [prosecuting rape liars 'violates human rights,' and rape victims' advocates want it to stop](/2o1kvm)  * [actor shia labeouf reveals a woman raped him on valentine's day during his art show. sparks debate on male rape by women.](/2nmfmd)  * [woman admits lying about domestic violence sending innocent husband to 10 months in jail [x-post /r/rage]](/2nuct6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/newreddits** [[full report](/2o8fyd)]   ---* [/r/holdmynip is an exciting new place where feline daredevils get all whacked out on catnip, and then try to do things, with often hilarious results.](/2nlhmc)  * [/r/softwarerequest/ - a subreddit to pair idea-starved programmers with users who need a problem solved](/2nistz)  * [/r/frontpagecanada is dedicated to providing a daily snapshot of the latest news and articles from canada and around the world!](/2noupo)  * [for all those insomniacs who cannot sleep](/2nueo3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nhl** [[full report](/2o8eez)]   ---* [the edmonton paper's pie charts are about as good as the oilers.](/2nv7z9)  * [top petroleum products.](/2ngbm7)  * [i'm from stl, i will leave this here..](/2o1qo2)  * [ward robs comeau. save of the year candidate for sure.](/2nptqb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sex** [[full report](/2o8ne5)]   ---* [never too old](/2nzofm)  * [the ultimate guide to shaving your pubes for beginners (men)](/2nqr71)  * [a long list of sex acts just got banned in uk porn](/2o1kt9)  * [i feel a waste of pretty,educated woman.](/2no4k1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitredditsays** [[full report](/2o8esu)]   ---* [a little bit of critacism](/2nqqkx)  * [[effort] its only bad when it happens to white people, a study in hypocrisy and racism](/2nhuro)  * [reddit hates apartheid right? wrong. it hates women more.](/2nl303)  * [[effort] askreddit shares their "controversial" opinions - again.](/2o2vc5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/standupcomedy** [[full report](/2o8e0f)]   ---* [bill burr announces his new standup special for netflix on december 5th!](/2nzvao)  * [found this while cleaning out my old car. rip mitch.](/2nvfpr)  * [chris rock stopped performing for students because everything offends them (xpost from tumblrinaction)](/2o2di6)  * [three years ago today patrice o'neal died from complications of a stroke. i compiled some of his best moments.](/2nr569)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/subredditdrama** [[full report](/2o8ipz)]   ---* [user enters /r/atheism and tries to covert them to christianity.](/2nxxgl)  * [op in /r/relationships is mad at the woman her son got pregnant, and the sub is mad at op](/2nuimr)  * [diversity drama in star wars trailer thread "are you serious? they had to affirmative action fucking star wars too?"](/2nr53j)  * [in /r/bitcoin, a user's father dies after they spend their bitcoins paying for 6 months worth of cancer treatments. another user tips him 3 cents. was this inappropriate?](/2no03l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ufos** [[full report](/2o8f1o)]   ---* [ufo quotes](/2ntzan)  * [u.s. physicist: alien nuclear bomb wiped out mars civilization](/2nhyzl)  * [saw this on my way home the other night. i managed to get in a quick snap before it completely disappeared. no telling what it was.](/2nyve0)  * [dan aykroyd endorses ufo kickstarter campaign (multiple videos)](/2nqcfa)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldnews** [[full report](/2o8rjh)]   ---* [a long list of sex acts just got banned in uk porn](/2o1eny)  * [bringing up the bodies: mexico's missing students draw attention to 20,000 'vanished' others: the disappearance of 43 student teachers lifted the lid on the open secret of mexicos many others whove disappeared amid drug-fuelled violence](/2nt7du)  * [germany bids farewell to brave turkish young woman - thousands in germany are saying danke to a turkish young woman who was brutally attacked for trying to rescue two german women from being harassed, before her life support is turned off on her birthday.](/2nqwew)  * [u.k. police force accidentally admits it spied on journalists who had not committed any crimes, using anti-terror ripa laws. asks paper to delete article covering this once it realized what it had done. newspaper refuses.](/2nqzlk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldpowers** [[full report](/2o8lcd)]   ---* [[battle] the battle of tartu, estonia](/2nfbs8)  * [[meta] my shitposts](/2nrp43)  * [[meta] so with everyone posting enormous gdps, i finally feel the need to remind people about inflation.](/2nhe6c)  * [[modpost] psa -- news day 2050 = pause day to discuss the reset.](/2ni5ii)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i don't really know how to code, i know how to use computers very, very well though. definitely more than the average person, lol.  i kind of sort of know how to produce music electronically? if that matters. if i have to learn a skill id be willing. it would just be cool to earn money doing something on the sidethanks!++$++15
so i have been give a page to edit and do,i really want to do something trp like,and i saw the 48 laws of power,and i really want to do an article. is this a good idea or no?it could backfire and seem too harsh,then again my name is going to be on the bottom of that article,so i could draw attention++$++16
i'll be attending the sens v. caps game on april 4 and am wondering about some good places to grab a (several) drink around the arena.gonna be staying at the holiday inn on kanata ave. too so the place could be around there as well.any dinner recommendations are welcome too.thanks.++$++86
who thinks this "word" is "cute?"it just sounds lazy! i thought we were passed grunt noises, but apparently evolution is taking us back to a more primitive time.the only time "bae" should be acceptable is when we are talking about a bay of water, or the greatest seasoning in the world, old bay. both of those are spelled with a y.++$++24
in fight club, tyler durden says "self-improvement is masturbation". i completely agree, and think that it's stupid to try to quit masturbation for the purpose of masturbation, or through the use of masturbation. if we are doing this to improve ourselves, we are not doing it for the right reason, and any victory we win will be illusory.i think that christians, and especially western evangelicals, too often view morality as autistic. ask your average christian about his moral values, and he'll talk about drinking, smoking, swearing, and fapping. he won't have as much to say about the the core of christian morality: loving others. when we consider our own personal morality, we must not see it as an end in itself, but rather as a means to a further and greater end. and that end is to live in god's image; to be vessels fit to bear the love of god to other people.when we worship god we are reflecting his love back onto him. as creatures made in his image, that is our purpose. he is a creator of love, we are creatures of love. and when we love other human beings, that is also worshiping god, because they are also made in god's image, and so when we reflect god's love onto them, we are loving him.we cannot do that when we are always looking inward, concerned with our own needs, our own problems, and yes, even our own sins. if you are addicted to pornography and masturbation, you cannot love others fully, because you are being ruled by something that has nothing to do with love. but here's the thing that a lot of christians miss: if you are obsessed with your sin, *it still rules you*. your focus cannot be on fixing yourself, because that is still self-centered. it must be on other people, and on god. you can't love others while you're sinning, but you also can't love others while you're stewing in guilt over your sin.the word "repentance" means turning and walking away from something. that means you stop doing it, of course. but it also means that you stop obsessing over it. you leave it behind, and (here's the important part) walk towards something else. that something else is the crossthe perfect model of god's love according to which we are created to live.i speak from all my past experience, which includes a lot of failure, but lately also a great deal of success. if you want to break your addictions, learn to lay down your life for others. learn to see their needs as greater than your own. learn to be fulfilled in others' fulfillment, and to be made happy by their happiness. in so doing you will find it more and more difficult to indulge in your self-serving impulses. when you see in every person the image of god, you won't want to use their image for sexual gratification. but that's something you have to practice. you can't just turn a switch on and let everything change; it's something you do in the details of your every day life. it will affect your thoughts, words, and deeds.read matthew 5 to get the picture of what it looks like. then read it again. then again. read it until you know it, and realize that no matter how hard, no matter how inconvenient, no matter how supposedly impractical, that's what it means to live as a child of god, loving others as he loves us.it's going to be hard. it's going to require pain, struggle, and perhaps even bloodshed. and it is going to be glorious.++$++30
i live in an uberconservative home complete with the beliefs that being gay or getting too intimate before marraige sends you to hell. recently, i've had some issues involving a confusing sexuality which is problematic. first off, i used to like women. i used to really like them alot. i used to really want a traditional family and to get married and used to be turned on by women and had no interest in guys. after my first real relationship, things changed. my mother has always had the belief that guys are necessarily sexual predators and that girls are innocent and pure, which has given me a ton of grief over the years because when i was caught masturbating i was shamed in front of my entire family and not allowed to use the internet (yet my sister was allowed no questions asked even though i know she was looking at dubious things)my first relationship shattered this idea and she was asking for sex on the first date and cheated on me and left (dated her for 2 years). she told me that i wasnt acting like a man enough and that i wasnt being dominant enough. ever since i've been completely unable to be attracted to any girl.  it's been 4 years now and i thought that i just had no libido, but in reality maybe this whole time i've been attracted to guys instead? recently i've been thinking about guys and i could get turned on and get that "tingly" feeling. whenever i think about girls i get feelings of rejection, judgement (feeling ashamed for wanting physical intimacy), expectation to be a dominant leading figure, and the use of sex as a bargaining chip.i feel that perhaps i just emotionally level more with guys? i thought that i had no libido, but now i see that it may be because i actually like guys now? is this possible?++$++22
hey there gentlemen,my name is andy and i am 26 years old, 6'4, 220 pounds, hairy, blonde hair, blue eyes with soft dick sucking lips, a nice fuzzy plump bottom and a tight, virgin, pink asshole! i'm looking for a man who would enjoy a roleplay with me of your choosing:(1) rape scenario (2) dom/sub/verbal abuse (3) pissing/face fucking (4) father/son (5) teacher/student the only limit is your imagination or we could combine all the ideas together! please be able to form a sentence in your e-mails and be articulate in your wants and descriptions of what you want and who you are.i would prefer a roleplay, but in no means are you limited to this!++$++26
i am not saying same-sex marriage or abortion is right or wrong, we all have our own beliefs so let's be civil about it.++$++20
short back story: i racked up a bunch of credit card debt and never paid them back when i was 18. (im 28 now) im trying to fix this.i have been with credit karma for a couple months now, and have been monitoring stuff on my account but i dont really know what to be working toward or looking at for that matter. here is a breakdown of what i have going on.my current credit score is 547.i have 5 total accounts open in collections right now on my report totaling $4500.i have one secure credit card with $200 limit that i opened up last month to try to start repairing my credit. when i opened the card my credit score jumped from 554 to 634, then just today it updated and is showing that it dropped 84 points to 547. i have only paid it off one time so far. i have 3 high interest loans out (tough spots, needed some money) 1 is at 2280another is 1330last one is 505im making the miniumum payments on them monthly.my current take home is $1400 after taxes (which i will start working up to 60 hours through my job so the rate will raise)im kinda lost on what i should be doing to actually improve my score and im just stuck. please help?++$++24
i live in a conservative home complete with the beliefs that being gay or getting too intimate before marriage sends you to hell. recently, i've had some issues involving a confusing sexuality which is problematic.first off, i used to like women. i used to really like them alot. i used to really want a traditional family and to get married and used to be turned on by women and had no interest in guys. after my first real relationship, things changed.my mother has always had the belief that guys are perverts for their sexuality and that girls are innocent and pure, which has given me a ton of grief over the years (when i was caught masturbating i was shamed in front of my entire family and not allowed to use the internet, yet my sister was allowed no questions asked even though i know her friends talk about sexually explicit things)my first relationship shattered this idea and she was asking for sex on the first date and cheated on me and left (dated her for 2 years). she told me that i wasnt acting like a man enough and that i wasnt being dominant enough, though i was just being myself. since then, 2 girls have wanted to have sex with me but ive been too shy and feel ashamed like id be using them or something. i was so scared even for my first kiss, and many girls find me to be really up-tight when it comes to physical intimacy, which turns them off to me. ever since i've been completely unable to be attracted to any girl. it's been 4 years now and i thought that i just had no libido, but in reality maybe this whole time i've been attracted to guys instead?recently i've been thinking about guys and i could get turned on and get that "tingly" feeling like im accepted. whenever i think about girls i get feelings of rejection, judgment (feeling ashamed for wanting physical intimacy), expectation to be a dominant leading figure, and the use of sex as a bargaining chip. i feel that perhaps i just emotionally level more with guys? i thought that i had no libido, but now i see that it may be because i actually like guys now? is this possible?++$++22
i have always been the friend who lended money when i had a job, let people cry on my shoulder and gave advice.a year ago my ptsd which stems from twenty+ years finally surfaced.  my ex cheated on me kicked me out for crying too much and cancelled my health insurance.  as of now i am going to a mental health facility for help and they gave me a therapist who works with addicts ( i have never been a substance abuser in my life)  she thinks she can fix 20 + years of trauma with a six month " master plan."  i cannot work.  i have a quickly deteriorating shoulder injury from a hit and run accident three years ago where the cops did nothing and i still went to work.i started a go-fund me when my ex left me and he has since completely alienated most of my good friends by lying about me.   yet his new gf started one for her sick cat and raised almost 4,000 in a week.  six months later and i am only at 275 dollars.  i feel like just closing it down because no one cares. i am at my wit's end because none of my friends i have helped in the past will even talk to me anymore.the only people who make me feel not alone are my boyfriends and a couple friends.  but i am so scared i won't be able to support myself let alone my emotional service animal.  i am just feeling like i will never be able to get the help i need to be independent and have a job again.  i have lost jobs because my meds aren't working and i am having panic attacks at my work.i cannot even ask my mom for help because she has to worry enough about my niece being depressed and dealing with her new diagnosis of ms.fml.++$++28
11 days in and i felt like my tool was inactive since day 1. so, today as i was taking a shower... i guess you know the rest.what was soul crushing was after the relapse. i went to wash my hands and looked myself in the mirror and couldn't feel good as in "i just got laid with a girl and had intimate, passionate sex". the realization that the entire thing was in my head hit me like bricks.i'm gonna reset my counter and begin again tomorrow morning. if you think your "gun" doesn't work, don't play with the trigger. it works, trust me.++$++33
her eyes are so amazing like black hole. do you think that roronoa and mihawk together use them? do you think that usopp nose could explore her eyes? am i drank?http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20131206041951/onepiece/images/4/4a/perona_anime_post_timeskip_infobox.png++$++23
i really liked max payne,the dark theme,and how he narrates his life. it was a really good game,i played all of them. and i miss that feeling of a character narrating everything he does,and that moody feeling. any other aaa games like that?++$++16
this is a totally serious question. i read an article that stated that most pornography (even when depicting women as having power over men or having equal roles) fails when marketed towards a woman audience.so, what then do women tend to get off to? i mean, i know that all people are different, but are there any recurring choices? i've heard some friends say that they liked yaoi or were turned on during an intense movie. a friend or two said that they liked to read fanfictions or novels (i didn't ask, but they mentioned it in a conversation offhand). i'm just curious now if there is any sort of consensus on this?++$++22
i will start off my story when i wa young. my mother fed me the blue pill,treat women like queens etc.when i matured more,i started to realize the women here. i am in high school and noticed the various patterns,altho one thing sticks out. they have been poisoned by the unreal standards of men. ever since i was young my father brought me duke nukem and games that promoted alpha males,and he bought bar bies and other dolls to my sister. back to my surroundings. i added alot of females from my school to fb to maybe try and get their insights. the smv requriment is way lower in here,they care alot more about social status and money than about the looks,but its vice versa for the men.im writing this on my phone so sorry for any mistakes, i would love to hear your thoughts.++$++16
now lets say that i get a damn good fake id from out of state. would it be possible to pass it up at your own state's dmv for a "residence change?" by doing this, you'd have yourself a real drivers licenses that can work everywhere.i would imagine the punishment and risk for this would be ridiculously high, but what are the chances of this going through?++$++16
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* florida agrees that satanists must have equal representation in state capitol building's religious-themed holiday displays., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2o9aek/florida_agrees_that_satanists_must_have_equal/)**  * vatican finds hundreds of millions of euros 'tucked away': cardinal, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2o9ar5/vatican_finds_hundreds_of_millions_of_euros/)**  * breaking: art hall sues university of kansas to block release of records detaling koch influence at the university, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2oavyz/breaking_art_hall_sues_university_of_kansas_to/)**  * a man donated a christmas gift 14 years ago not realizing he sent it to the woman he will marry, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2o99ad/a_man_donated_a_christmas_gift_14_years_ago_not/)**  * huge coalition forms to kill the comcast-twc merger for good, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2o9d3r/huge_coalition_forms_to_kill_the_comcasttwc/)**  * cfl punter gets destroyed during 2014 grey cup, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2o9h0j/cfl_punter_gets_destroyed_during_2014_grey_cup/)**  * aclu sues grain valley for ticketing drivers who flash headlights. "the government cannot ticket drivers who have done nothing more than exercise their right to communicate with other drivers., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2o8ov0/aclu_sues_grain_valley_for_ticketing_drivers_who/)**  * comcast forgets to delete revealing note from blog post, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2o9nm2/comcast_forgets_to_delete_revealing_note_from/)**  * what are "dank memes"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2o9da8/what_are_dank_memes/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk: if you book a flight using the "skiplagged" method, and your flight is cancelled (2.5% are), then you may be rerouted to your ticket's "final destination" without ever passing through your "desired destination"., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2oaas1/ysk_if_you_book_a_flight_using_the_skiplagged/)**  * what determines the altitude "sweet spot" that long distance planes fly at?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2o98w3/what_determines_the_altitude_sweet_spot_that_long/)**  * eli5: why is it that i can buy a perfectly edible block of cheese that has "aged for 3 years," but then cheese in my fridge goes moldy in a month?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2oaqu1/eli5_why_is_it_that_i_can_buy_a_perfectly_edible/)**  * til of the death of pfc lavena johnson, who was found dead in 2005 at a base in balad, iraq. initially ruled a suicide, an autopsy revealed she a broken nose, black eye, loose teeth, and burns from corrosive chemicals on her genitals. the army has refused to reopen the case., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2oaf4a/til_of_the_death_of_pfc_lavena_johnson_who_was/)**  * my pizza delivery tip frequency distribution for a sample size of 1,031 deliveries [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2o8cnt/my_pizza_delivery_tip_frequency_distribution_for/)**  * how to make evernote work for you, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2oae7e/how_to_make_evernote_work_for_you/)**  * 1)can you tickle a seagull? 2) does tickling only apply to things that can laugh?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2o8o5o/1can_you_tickle_a_seagull_2_does_tickling_only/)**  * sound posters saxsofunny by dm9ddb., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2o9uwe/sound_posters_saxsofunny_by_dm9ddb/)**  * you may know that aardvark are specialised to eat termites/ants, but oddly they have teeth and also eat one very special fruit; the only cucumber to grow its fruit underground and the only fruit that the aardvark eats- perhaps for water. the cucumber relies on the aardvark alone for seed dispersal!, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2oaf7p/you_may_know_that_aardvark_are_specialised_to_eat/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: put together most of your kid's toys before the holiday, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2o9mzs/lpt_put_together_most_of_your_kids_toys_before/)**  * convert pounds to kilograms in your head - halve the number and subtract 10%, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2oa34o/convert_pounds_to_kilograms_in_your_head_halve/)**  * [video] my professor sent this for finals week, labeled "my favorite motivational youtube video.", *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2o8xpu/video_my_professor_sent_this_for_finals_week/)**  * lpt: do not carry bleach in your car in plastic jugs that turn brittle in cold weather, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2o9fcx/lpt_do_not_carry_bleach_in_your_car_in_plastic/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* a study conducted in chicago found that giving disadvantaged, minority youths 8-week summer jobs reduced their violent crime rates compared to controls by 43% over a year after the program ended., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2oabsq/a_study_conducted_in_chicago_found_that_giving/)**  * the construction of the biggest eye on the sky, the european extremely large telescope, has received the green light., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2o93qa/the_construction_of_the_biggest_eye_on_the_sky/)**  * i'm sad orion didn't launch today, but at least i saw the most beautiful sunrise ever., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2oa8s1/im_sad_orion_didnt_launch_today_but_at_least_i/)**  * superconductivity without cooling, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2o9org/superconductivity_without_cooling/)**  * is it possible that the universe is infinitely larger than the observable universe?, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2o9h06/is_it_possible_that_the_universe_is_infinitely/)**  * driverless cars set to hit the uk in 2015 in greenwich, bristol, coventry and milton keynes - are we all really ready for this step in technology?, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2o9a4i/driverless_cars_set_to_hit_the_uk_in_2015_in/)**  * if land was water and water was land [realistic] [3508x2115] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2oa5ih/if_land_was_water_and_water_was_land_realistic/)**  * c pre-processor magic, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2o9ori/c_preprocessor_magic/)**  * samsung's open source group is growing, hiring developers (video), *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2o961e/samsungs_open_source_group_is_growing_hiring/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what is your favorite "dead" website?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2o90y2/reddit_what_is_your_favorite_dead_website/)**  * carl bass here: ceo of autodesk, designer, woodworker and maker. im here to talk about 3d printers; engineering; the future of how things are made and anything else. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2oaei2/carl_bass_here_ceo_of_autodesk_designer/)**  * i am kenna ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2obc3w/i_am_kenna_ama/)**  * op calls a caterpillar a worm. "if the difference between crows and jackdaws was that one of them didn't have wings, ()", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2o9buc/op_calls_a_caterpillar_a_worm_if_the_difference/)**  * the people of /r/funny vs. /u/madfotze for karmawhoring in the first degree, grandtheft.jpg, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2oblji/the_people_of_rfunny_vs_umadfotze_for/)**  * kevin smith shows up to debunk a myth about his interactions with bruce willis on set, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2o9e10/kevin_smith_shows_up_to_debunk_a_myth_about_his/)**  * moderators: clarifications around our 10:1 self-promotional guidelines, *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2oamgp/moderators_clarifications_around_our_101/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oa0fq) /r/mealtimevideos, /r/fractalgifs, /r/gametales, /r/samplesize, /r/ifiwonthelottery  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* dino stampede (2011) scientists discover a 100-million-year-old set tracks of prehistoric animals fleeing across mud in the only dinosaur stampeded known to man, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2o98xn/dino_stampede_2011_scientists_discover_a/)**  * braindead aka dead alive (1992) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ob1yf/braindead_aka_dead_alive_1992_1080p/)**  * terminator genisys movie - official trailer, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2oa7wp/terminator_genisys_movie_official_trailer/)**  * top albums of 2014 as voted by reddit (vote now!), *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2o98nv/top_albums_of_2014_as_voted_by_reddit_vote_now/)**  * pete rock &amp;amp; cl smooth - in the house [hip-hop] [1994], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2o9u90/pete_rock_cl_smooth_in_the_house_hiphop_1994/)**  * distance from earth to mars represented using pixels, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2o9f1k/distance_from_earth_to_mars_represented_using/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* you can't see me, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2o9n6r/you_cant_see_me/)**  * shitty weather + spontaneous rays of sunshine = perito moreno glacier transforms into magical rainbow glacier. [oc] [2947x1958], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2o9lcj/shitty_weather_spontaneous_rays_of_sunshine/)**  * got stuck in houston traffic today on tx-8 because of a downed power line. had my drone with me so..., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2oa869/got_stuck_in_houston_traffic_today_on_tx8_because/)**  * the rose galaxies [1080 x 1083], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2o8hb2/the_rose_galaxies_1080_x_1083/)**  * sunset before the storm, south australia [2066 x 1162][oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2o9axx/sunset_before_the_storm_south_australia_2066_x/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* 1.5 week old navel piercing by sarvas berry @ evolved body art (columbus, oh) because anatometal made my ideal jewelry!, *from /r/legitpiercing* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/legitpiercing/comments/2o89dd/15_week_old_navel_piercing_by_sarvas_berry/)**  * facebook at its finest... thought you all might enjoy, *from /r/lockpicking* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lockpicking/comments/2obnev/facebook_at_its_finest_thought_you_all_might_enjoy/)**  * conjured currency #41: a gamer helping gamers with gamers helping gamers, *from /r/mtgfinance* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mtgfinance/comments/2o9l9y/conjured_currency_41_a_gamer_helping_gamers_with/)**  * black dress [evangelion], *from /r/zettairyouiki* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/zettairyouiki/comments/2o9p6u/black_dress_evangelion/)**  * check out these mad nb skills., *from /r/elderscrollsonline* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollsonline/comments/2o8a6c/check_out_these_mad_nb_skills/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* we're "repeating" the sixties. space exploration, russian conflict, marijuana legalization, race issues., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2oa1wy/were_repeating_the_sixties_space_exploration/)**  * doritos locos communion wafers, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oa3xt/doritos_locos_communion_wafers/)**  * times have not become more violent. they have just become more televised. - marilyn manson, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2o8ar0/times_have_not_become_more_violent_they_have_just/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* florida agrees that satanists must have equal representation in state capitol building's religious-themed holiday displays., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2o9aek/florida_agrees_that_satanists_must_have_equal/)**  * vatican finds hundreds of millions of euros 'tucked away': cardinal, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2o9ar5/vatican_finds_hundreds_of_millions_of_euros/)**  * breaking: art hall sues university of kansas to block release of records detaling koch influence at the university, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2oavyz/breaking_art_hall_sues_university_of_kansas_to/)**  * a man donated a christmas gift 14 years ago not realizing he sent it to the woman he will marry, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2o99ad/a_man_donated_a_christmas_gift_14_years_ago_not/)**  * huge coalition forms to kill the comcast-twc merger for good, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2o9d3r/huge_coalition_forms_to_kill_the_comcasttwc/)**  * cfl punter gets destroyed during 2014 grey cup, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2o9h0j/cfl_punter_gets_destroyed_during_2014_grey_cup/)**  * aclu sues grain valley for ticketing drivers who flash headlights. "the government cannot ticket drivers who have done nothing more than exercise their right to communicate with other drivers., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2o8ov0/aclu_sues_grain_valley_for_ticketing_drivers_who/)**  * comcast forgets to delete revealing note from blog post, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2o9nm2/comcast_forgets_to_delete_revealing_note_from/)**  * what are "dank memes"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2o9da8/what_are_dank_memes/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk: if you book a flight using the "skiplagged" method, and your flight is cancelled (2.5% are), then you may be rerouted to your ticket's "final destination" without ever passing through your "desired destination"., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2oaas1/ysk_if_you_book_a_flight_using_the_skiplagged/)**  * what determines the altitude "sweet spot" that long distance planes fly at?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2o98w3/what_determines_the_altitude_sweet_spot_that_long/)**  * eli5: why is it that i can buy a perfectly edible block of cheese that has "aged for 3 years," but then cheese in my fridge goes moldy in a month?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2oaqu1/eli5_why_is_it_that_i_can_buy_a_perfectly_edible/)**  * til of the death of pfc lavena johnson, who was found dead in 2005 at a base in balad, iraq. initially ruled a suicide, an autopsy revealed she a broken nose, black eye, loose teeth, and burns from corrosive chemicals on her genitals. the army has refused to reopen the case., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2oaf4a/til_of_the_death_of_pfc_lavena_johnson_who_was/)**  * my pizza delivery tip frequency distribution for a sample size of 1,031 deliveries [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2o8cnt/my_pizza_delivery_tip_frequency_distribution_for/)**  * how to make evernote work for you, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2oae7e/how_to_make_evernote_work_for_you/)**  * 1)can you tickle a seagull? 2) does tickling only apply to things that can laugh?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2o8o5o/1can_you_tickle_a_seagull_2_does_tickling_only/)**  * sound posters saxsofunny by dm9ddb., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2o9uwe/sound_posters_saxsofunny_by_dm9ddb/)**  * you may know that aardvark are specialised to eat termites/ants, but oddly they have teeth and also eat one very special fruit; the only cucumber to grow its fruit underground and the only fruit that the aardvark eats- perhaps for water. the cucumber relies on the aardvark alone for seed dispersal!, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2oaf7p/you_may_know_that_aardvark_are_specialised_to_eat/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: put together most of your kid's toys before the holiday, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2o9mzs/lpt_put_together_most_of_your_kids_toys_before/)**  * convert pounds to kilograms in your head - halve the number and subtract 10%, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2oa34o/convert_pounds_to_kilograms_in_your_head_halve/)**  * [video] my professor sent this for finals week, labeled "my favorite motivational youtube video.", *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2o8xpu/video_my_professor_sent_this_for_finals_week/)**  * lpt: do not carry bleach in your car in plastic jugs that turn brittle in cold weather, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2o9fcx/lpt_do_not_carry_bleach_in_your_car_in_plastic/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* a study conducted in chicago found that giving disadvantaged, minority youths 8-week summer jobs reduced their violent crime rates compared to controls by 43% over a year after the program ended., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2oabsq/a_study_conducted_in_chicago_found_that_giving/)**  * the construction of the biggest eye on the sky, the european extremely large telescope, has received the green light., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2o93qa/the_construction_of_the_biggest_eye_on_the_sky/)**  * i'm sad orion didn't launch today, but at least i saw the most beautiful sunrise ever., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2oa8s1/im_sad_orion_didnt_launch_today_but_at_least_i/)**  * superconductivity without cooling, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2o9org/superconductivity_without_cooling/)**  * is it possible that the universe is infinitely larger than the observable universe?, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2o9h06/is_it_possible_that_the_universe_is_infinitely/)**  * driverless cars set to hit the uk in 2015 in greenwich, bristol, coventry and milton keynes - are we all really ready for this step in technology?, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2o9a4i/driverless_cars_set_to_hit_the_uk_in_2015_in/)**  * if land was water and water was land [realistic] [3508x2115] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2oa5ih/if_land_was_water_and_water_was_land_realistic/)**  * c pre-processor magic, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2o9ori/c_preprocessor_magic/)**  * samsung's open source group is growing, hiring developers (video), *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2o961e/samsungs_open_source_group_is_growing_hiring/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what is your favorite "dead" website?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2o90y2/reddit_what_is_your_favorite_dead_website/)**  * carl bass here: ceo of autodesk, designer, woodworker and maker. im here to talk about 3d printers; engineering; the future of how things are made and anything else. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2oaei2/carl_bass_here_ceo_of_autodesk_designer/)**  * i am kenna ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2obc3w/i_am_kenna_ama/)**  * op calls a caterpillar a worm. "if the difference between crows and jackdaws was that one of them didn't have wings, ()", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2o9buc/op_calls_a_caterpillar_a_worm_if_the_difference/)**  * the people of /r/funny vs. /u/madfotze for karmawhoring in the first degree, grandtheft.jpg, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2oblji/the_people_of_rfunny_vs_umadfotze_for/)**  * kevin smith shows up to debunk a myth about his interactions with bruce willis on set, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2o9e10/kevin_smith_shows_up_to_debunk_a_myth_about_his/)**  * moderators: clarifications around our 10:1 self-promotional guidelines, *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2oamgp/moderators_clarifications_around_our_101/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oa0fq) /r/mealtimevideos, /r/fractalgifs, /r/gametales, /r/samplesize, /r/ifiwonthelottery  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* dino stampede (2011) scientists discover a 100-million-year-old set tracks of prehistoric animals fleeing across mud in the only dinosaur stampeded known to man, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2o98xn/dino_stampede_2011_scientists_discover_a/)**  * braindead aka dead alive (1992) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ob1yf/braindead_aka_dead_alive_1992_1080p/)**  * terminator genisys movie - official trailer, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2oa7wp/terminator_genisys_movie_official_trailer/)**  * top albums of 2014 as voted by reddit (vote now!), *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2o98nv/top_albums_of_2014_as_voted_by_reddit_vote_now/)**  * pete rock &amp;amp; cl smooth - in the house [hip-hop] [1994], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2o9u90/pete_rock_cl_smooth_in_the_house_hiphop_1994/)**  * distance from earth to mars represented using pixels, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2o9f1k/distance_from_earth_to_mars_represented_using/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* you can't see me, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2o9n6r/you_cant_see_me/)**  * shitty weather + spontaneous rays of sunshine = perito moreno glacier transforms into magical rainbow glacier. [oc] [2947x1958], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2o9lcj/shitty_weather_spontaneous_rays_of_sunshine/)**  * got stuck in houston traffic today on tx-8 because of a downed power line. had my drone with me so..., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2oa869/got_stuck_in_houston_traffic_today_on_tx8_because/)**  * the rose galaxies [1080 x 1083], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2o8hb2/the_rose_galaxies_1080_x_1083/)**  * sunset before the storm, south australia [2066 x 1162][oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2o9axx/sunset_before_the_storm_south_australia_2066_x/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* 1.5 week old navel piercing by sarvas berry @ evolved body art (columbus, oh) because anatometal made my ideal jewelry!, *from /r/legitpiercing* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/legitpiercing/comments/2o89dd/15_week_old_navel_piercing_by_sarvas_berry/)**  * facebook at its finest... thought you all might enjoy, *from /r/lockpicking* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lockpicking/comments/2obnev/facebook_at_its_finest_thought_you_all_might_enjoy/)**  * conjured currency #41: a gamer helping gamers with gamers helping gamers, *from /r/mtgfinance* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mtgfinance/comments/2o9l9y/conjured_currency_41_a_gamer_helping_gamers_with/)**  * black dress [evangelion], *from /r/zettairyouiki* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/zettairyouiki/comments/2o9p6u/black_dress_evangelion/)**  * check out these mad nb skills., *from /r/elderscrollsonline* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollsonline/comments/2o8a6c/check_out_these_mad_nb_skills/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* we're "repeating" the sixties. space exploration, russian conflict, marijuana legalization, race issues., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2oa1wy/were_repeating_the_sixties_space_exploration/)**  * doritos locos communion wafers, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oa3xt/doritos_locos_communion_wafers/)**  * times have not become more violent. they have just become more televised. - marilyn manson, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2o8ar0/times_have_not_become_more_violent_they_have_just/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
so, apart from the names listed in stormwrack, what are some names for an aventi? going to be in a sea campaign and i decided on being an aventi fighter.++$++20
i slowed my entire project, just as a sort of experiment, using varispeed. i liked the sound, so i went to share/export the track, and every time it pops into itunes, it's back at regular tempo. does using varispeed not allow you to export the track at the new tempo??++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on friday.  **report period:**   thursday, november 27, 2014 through wednesday, december 03, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canada** [[full report](/2ocgpw)]   ---* [torontonian posts some of the 4500 pictures he took of the g20 summit from his apartment overlooking the main entrance. his apartment was raided without a warrant by the opp and secret service and the never saw his camera again. (x-post r/toronto)](/2nuwsu)  * [if canada were syria, every person in toronto, vancouver, montreal, calgary, nova scotia, new brunswick, newfoundland and p.e.i would have fled their homes. every person in regina would be dead.](/2nxsr1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/crazyideas** [[full report](/2ocdrf)]   ---* [taken 3. set in a buddhist monastery. having found his daughter and wife in the previous movies, liam neeson embarks on an existential journey... to find himself.](/2nm29n)  * [water beds should have straws that come out next to your pillow for when you're hungover. also, they should make gatorade beds.](/2o27ml)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/drugs** [[full report](/2ocevs)]   ---* [americans want congress members to pee in cups to prove they're not on drugs](/2o67q8)  * [to the lady in the woods.](/2nuch7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entrepreneur** [[full report](/2occ21)]   ---* [we created a dog treat that source protein from insects saving 1700 gallons of water vs resources for beef protein. we are in a competition and need votes to win.](/2nytqq)  * [i'm 26 years old. i have no money. i have skills and i'm really effing hungry- not for food, but for independence and fulfilling work and a little cash. how did you guys start? tell me your stories!](/2nuv54)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/futurology** [[full report](/2ocb7o)]   ---* [the world's first underground park, new york city (2018)](/2nypd5)  * [engineers take big step toward using light instead of wires inside computers](/2o5iwq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gifs** [[full report](/2ocmi5)]   ---* [our white blood cells attacking a parasite.](/2nssnw)  * [stop motion animation. (x/post r/highqualitygifs.)](/2o2zyl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/hiphopheads** [[full report](/2ociqs)]   ---* [tyler, the creator just wrote out a monologue on being confident on his facebook page](/2o3yaz)  * [[fresh] frank ocean - memrise](/2nnhuf)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/historyporn** [[full report](/2oc7cc)]   ---* [women protesting the forced hijab in iran, days after the 1979 revolution [595  418]](/2o1lto)  * [a childhood photo of barack obama with his late mother ann dunham in hawaii, ca. 1963. [391x500]](/2nqce2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/iama** [[full report](/2ockfm)]   ---* [a few days ago, cern launched an open data portal to publicly share data from the large hadron collider. we are some of the scientists behind this project, working to make science more open globally. ask us (almost) anything about open data, open access, data preservation, big data and open science!](/2nxwkb)  * [okay, it's open season. michael c. hall here. ama.](/2o630a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ideasfortheadmins** [[full report](/2oc5ce)]   ---* [forget this subreddit](/2nof2x)  * [add the ability for a moderator to rearrange the order of mods below him/her.](/2nm7gq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/karmacourt** [[full report](/2oc4lg)]   ---* [/u/99999999 vs. /u/trevcats for 1st degree lying for karma gain, unlawful means of reaching the front page, and receiving gold on unlawful means](/2o505t)  * [the people of reddit vs. /u/lonelyboyisme for failing to deliver promise to eat a sock, lying to the internet](/2nrila)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lightbulb** [[full report](/2oc4tm)]   ---* [all shampoos and conditioners should have a large 's' or 'c' on the top and bottom of the bottle.](/2nto0a)  * [have 3 directors produce the same script and compare the resulting movies](/2nwrnj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mommit** [[full report](/2oc5m8)]   ---* [baby's first turkey day](/2noiyf)  * [how i knew my daughter was ready for potty training...](/2o59tj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pcmasterrace** [[full report](/2ocli5)]   ---* [was not impressed with my future daughter's ultrasound](/2nzhi2)  * [i work for nvidia. today i made this gif of our reference shroud being made.](/2o2j7q)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotes** [[full report](/2oc6ox)]   ---* [ if you love a flower, don"t pick it up. because if you pick it up it dies and ceases to be what you love. so if you love a flower, let it be. love is not about possession. love is about appreciation.  ~ osho](/2nxnsg)  * ["if people looked at the stars each night, they'd live a lot differently. when you look into infinity, you realize that there are more important things than what people do all day." - bill watterson](/2nv340)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/retrogaming** [[full report](/2oc5yw)]   ---* [happy 20th birthday to playstation](/2o5iwl)  * [got some nice leftovers from my in-laws this weekend!](/2nw8us)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/science** [[full report](/2ocfqt)]   ---* [dna analysis confirms that a skeleton unearthed from a uk parking lot is the former king, richard iii. this is the oldest dna identification case of a known individual, and while trying to trace former monarchs genetic lineage, the scientists accidentally uncovered centuries-old royal adultery.](/2o1yqv)  * [new study finds that dna can survive a flight through space and re-entry into earth's atmosphere and still pass on genetic information. these results indicate that life and organic molecules could potentially spread between planetary bodies through meteor impacts.](/2nkfy2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/serialpodcast** [[full report](/2ochp8)]   ---* [how effective would this chart have been to adnan's case?](/2ny8ct)  * [there was a pay phone at the best buy](/2no8r7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shutupandtakemymoney** [[full report](/2oc52u)]   ---* [awesome space themed bed sets!](/2o21x9)  * [hey guys, it's max, founder of morninghead. as a thanks to this subreddit for your helping me launch the company (and getting me on shark tank), enjoy 50% off today on black friday.](/2notoy)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/soccer** [[full report](/2ocoyx)]   ---* [granit xhaka's amazing freekick against villareal](/2nm0oz)  * [andrea pirlo's last minute screamer to win the derby vs torino](/2nv3ku)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/space** [[full report](/2oc8dq)]   ---* [1st true colour image of comet 67p emerges](/2nvagm)  * [a space shuttle engine.](/2nodo9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theredpill** [[full report](/2occnv)]   ---* [my single favorite nightclub story: fiancee and the rich arab.](/2nviva)  * [guy's fiancee starts hanging out with another guy and admits that she's more attracted to him. askmen's advice: don't break up, stay with her! she's just confused and exploring her feelings!](/2nlhr1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/twoxchromosomes** [[full report](/2ocjqr)]   ---* [[iff] i got the best early christmas present ever!](/2nolfs)  * [twox is not a safe place anymore](/2nynd6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/vegan** [[full report](/2oc98t)]   ---* [mind blowing experience at school cafeteria today!!!](/2o3f6i)  * [free range turkiflower](/2no7a7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/whatisthisthing** [[full report](/2ocaca)]   ---* [special requirements for canadians?](/2nr6aa)  * [met this cool dude in thailand. his name is furby, but just what the hell is he?](/2nl8c6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wtf** [[full report](/2ocnxj)]   ---* [book i found at my christian high school about sexual awakening, written for teen girls in 1981.](/2nr6ul)  * [wear a seat belt](/2nyl8a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i have just taken out the exotic bounty for bad juju. if i hold back and hand in the final stage to the bounty until tuesday, will it give me an upgraded juju? or will i still have to spend a shard with xur?++$++25
since i was a young child, i've believed in the idea that everyone is created equal. my whole life, i've abided by this notion and have acted in an appropriate manner towards every situation that requires its application, even when it wasn't popular among my peers.only 20 years ago, half the country disapproved of interracial marriage despite its legality. nowadays, only ~15% of people feel this way.with the recent advancements in lgbt rights and the growing acceptance of them in society, i feel our culture is accepting of the this ideology. i'm proud that the youth of this country have shared my feelings and that older generations are starting to accept it, too. there is still a ways to go but i believe we can make it work.++$++17
researcher log (12-2-14-g35): all tests are proving normal. because of this we were told they want to move on to human testing as soon as possible. the issue is that our wonderful administrators wont read most of the reports due to the graphic nature. while the rats are showing controlled mutations, the side effects are.not something they would share with the good christian investors. today coming into the lab i found subject 34f and 76m trying to mate again. how 34f broke free from her metal bar cage and climbed up to 76ms isolation chamber is still under investigation. i suspect the telekinetic mutation on 76ms part. but they were never so eager to mate before the trials. its a clear sign of the mutagens effecting more than what they are supposed to. while they are insisting on pushing to human trials, we get to hire a new college. this will no longer be myself and a too old to read labels lead researcher, time for some fresh blood, and hopefully another grad student. lord knows we need all the help we can get.* i am looking for a semi-long term partner who is willing to bs some science and sex! yeah! post format would be long style, where there can be reasonable control over other person's character. (ex: "while he was interviewing me i noticed he kept staring at my chest." not: "and then he just wiped it out and started dancing!") while this is nsfw i would like to make it a longish story and not just focus on the sex, once the characters are set up i'd even like to dive into urban fantasy a bit. please pm me with your character!*++$++23
the coming weeks i don't really have the time to commit to working out yet, but today i figured i could at least try some of the exercises. so i started with the warming up, thinking it would be easy... here's what my thoughts roughly were at the time of doing the exercises:* wall extensions, that looks easy. wait, my lower back has to touch the wall? [slowly straightens arms] oh god, my shoulders... i underestimated this greatly. this feels oddly good though!* onto band dislocates. i don't have an elastic band but antranik advised to use a sweater. it works, but it's not really that stretchy. is it okay to use a stiff object for this?* cat camels. first exercise that feels pretty natural, though i'm inclined to push my butt up in the air in the cat position (i've seen my cat do it all the time!). am i supposed to?* full body circles are weird. it's kind of hard to tell if i'm doing them right. needs some getting used to but it feels good.* the leg swings. i don't have a flat wall i can put my hands on while swinging my legs. can i put them on a railing? it's at the height of my hips so i can't hold my arms horizontally.* as for the wrist exercises, i was afraid to do more than the first basic ones of the video, as even that felt strange. am i supposed to lean into them in a way that forces my hands to bend closer to my arms (direction of leaning depends on the position of your hands)?* planks and side planks! i've done a lot of those the past year, before the basic workout i used to do and before rowing, so this wasn't a problem. i've always done them on my elbows (both plank and side plank). any advantage to doing them on your hands?* reverse plank... holy mother of triceps. i guess those need some training. also, my shoulders really point forward, no matter how hard i try to retract them. i guess that'll improve over time when doing the other warming up exercises? it doesn't look like my body is a complete straight line, though it feels that way. maybe i'm too focused on my weak as hell triceps, haha. maybe doing them on my elbows like i do my planks makes it easier?* hollow... damn, my abs are shaking like a maniac. this one felt great. * arch i'm used to, done a lot of those.thanks for reading and thanks in advance for answering my questions! i can't wait to actually start working out. if there's one thing i've learnt it's that i'm not flexible at all currently...++$++19
i just finished applying for a job through a hospitals website.  i had looked up who the hiring manager was so i could put their name on the cover letter.  should i also send my resume and cover letter to his work email as well?what is everyone's thoughts on this practice?++$++31
next week is finals weekarino. oh boy.++$++17
i'm not sure what 'carry' means, what some abbreviation means, and i'm sure i haven't even read lots of terms that people may use. does 'jungle' essentially mean 'to roam the jungle' or is it more specific to kill monsters in the jungle, to kill enemies there, etc?++$++30
http://www.pornhub.com/select/video/1878658371++$++20
i'm just wondering if there are any guilds who are waiting to play this game? i'm really looking forward to join a guild who will play together as soon as the obt starts.my gear:- ddr5 gtx765m video card- core i7 3.0ghz x 4my timezone:- gmt+8 my status:- i'm single, male, 23, and have no work because i have a business that i own which i manage for 2-3 hours daily.- my activities irl: gym, play, sleep, eat, travel, movies, readinglooking forward to join a promising guild!++$++23
hey there gentlemen,my name is andy and i am 26 years old, 6'4, 220 pounds, hairy, blonde hair, blue eyes with soft dick sucking lips, a nice fuzzy plump bottom and a tight, virgin, pink asshole! i'm looking for a man who would enjoy a roleplay with me of your choosing:(1) rape scenario (2) dom/sub/verbal abuse (3) pissing/face fucking (4) father/son (5) teacher/student the only limit is your imagination or we could combine all the ideas together! please be able to form a sentence in your e-mails and be articulate in your wants and descriptions of what you want and who you are.i would prefer a roleplay, but in no means are you limited to this!++$++26
...and i didn't even have to say a word to her. all i had to do was walk up to the cash register, put my soda on the counter, and accidentally sneak a quick glance at her. she was really beautiful. she was tall and had messy curly hair like she forgot to brush it before her shift. one of those mousy faces that seemed to radiate adorableness even though she didn't smile once. when i was 12 women like that made me so happy, but now they just make me so sad. no woman could possibly love me and i've accepted this, but why do i keep getting so attached to girls that i don't even know? i need to get to the point in my life where i accept my fate. i'll always be alone, and i'll always be in the most miserable point of my life. i don't have anything else to say. thanks for reading.++$++20
unfortunately, my ikea is a bit of a trek so i've come here to ask for help from the owners of this product. i will eventually make my way there but i'm still looking for feedback :)my bil (brother in law) has requested some way of storing his 50+ cds in their jewel cases. i was looking into [these](http://www.ikea.com/ca/en/catalog/products/00224316/#/00224316) boxes and the ones that specify that they're meant for cds are a little too small. even in the 2-pack it only holds 44 cds.so my question is: does anyone own the larger versions, **specifically the 21x26x15 cm** one? would they make sense for cds? could you look through them easily?++$++20
**about myself*** my name is alex* i am 18 years old (but as of december 11th, 19 years of age)* i'm from the united kingdom* i study at university but nothing i have no major work at the moment. although this takes 100% priority over league.* i am online almost everyday (no life)**champion pool*** lissandra* rumble* maokai* kayle* jax* irelia* kassadin* lulu**important details*** username: godiyke (i not an l). please message me in game!* i have skype and teamspeak with a fully working mic.thanks, alex.++$++18
can't seem to find any good themes for my ipad air so i need some recommendations++$++20
my rig:motherboard: asrock 980de3/u3s3cpu: amd fx(tm)-6300 six-core processor ram: one stick of 8gbgpu: amd radeon r9 270x/playing dragon age inquisition at high. gameplay is running like smooth like butter. no issue so far. but during cut-scenes, i noticed scene keep freezing for 0.5 seconds every 2-4 seconds! it starting to bugging me. it does not make sense if gameplay is smooth but cutscenes is not? i have no idea what to do. can someone help me please? i have v-sync enabled. but i think i should mention it, not only cutscenes, there is youtube and other video sites does same thing too. what i need to do?++$++21
i was walking my dog in my apartment complex when this car drives by with two college aged kids and one of them yells "fuck you" to me. so i turn around as they are driving by and i open my arms as if saying, come on say it to my face and they stop. so i start walking towards then and then they haul ass away.was there any need for any of this?why do people try to be alpha.++$++20
i was wondering since i bought my nexus 9 on black friday at best buy because of the $100 credit you can get if you trade in an old tablet. (i traded in my samsung galaxy tab 2 7 inch). i realized soon after that the nexus 9 was a bit overpriced even though i got it ~$50 off.++$++14
i saw it one and it was funny. wasn't too show it to my dad but can't find out anywhere.++$++17
hello there. i am your average 24 year old guy and i am looking for a master to dominate my either via kik, or email, or even possibly on webcam. i do have a cam and and a smart phone so no issue on communication. i am a straight guy who is looking for some fun with another guy. i am in a committed relationship so this has to be taken into account that i may sometimes have availability issues but i promise i will get back to you.just a little about myself and what i like. i am your average 24 year old. i like sports, video games, hanging out with friends etc. i am a bit on the heavier side so i would hope that is ok with you. i am open to any sizes and age.i am into a bunch of different things. we can discuss that later. i am at the will of my master so discussing what you like and i like will have to come so we can be on the same page.so there you go if you are interested you can pm here on reddit or you can email me at defcon101@gmail.com or you can hit me up on kik at defcon101. i look forward to hearing from someone.++$++24
i recently posted about my car but i had a couple of other questions that i didn't post on the previous post.  i was told that oil was dripping onto the spark plugs.  the oil leaking onto the spark plugs is probably from the valve cover gasket right?  it does need to be replaced.  as the spark plugs age do they typically leak something?  engine has 85k.when replacing the spark plugs after replacing the valve cover gaskets, what is the best method for removing the oil if it is dripping onto those spark plugs and down the spark plug well?    also, where should i buy the replacement valve cover gasket?  should these be bought through ford or can i go to an auto parts store?thanks r/mechanicadvice!edit: would brake clean and dielectric grease be ok for the boots and spear coils?  what could i use for the spark plug well?previous post if anyone is curious: http://www.reddit.com/r/mechanicadvice/comments/2o37zp/2006_mercury_milan_premier_v6/edit 2: plenum gasket.  is this all it is? http://shop.advanceautoparts.com/p/felpro-plenum-gasket-set-ms-96252/20688195-p?searchterm=plenum+gasketedit 3: sorry for all the extra add on questions.  you guys rock!++$++31
i got this id in the mail after around three weeks. these guys are speedy if they have it. i'm still waiting on some minnesotas but that's besides the point. id is very on point. it passes a corner to corner bend test if a d-bag bouncer is around. pic includes my entire head, but just barely. photoshop is on point. my brother's, however, is dogshit. can't blame the man since my brother is overseas and my pic was shit. the ghost image looks a little more faded on this id compared to the bar book, but that's not a big issue at all. the biggest flaw with this id is the lack of microprint. to the naked eye, i cannot tell the difference. it becomes obvious with a jewelers loop. uv is on point and so are the seals. the seals and uv don't line up. not sure if that's important. def a good id.front: https://anonfiles.com/file/119845484075e160efc62b1c91297454back: https://anonfiles.com/file/33c3d7d04510a712d5841293a96f69f9uv: https://anonfiles.com/file/4426d49359b7f28ce03966f1cf55676b++$++16
all kinds of self-defense classes. i'm more interested in more hand-to-hand defense, but anything related to guns or other weapons are welcome. i've been interested in krav maga due to it's practicality and brutality. anyone know anything about it or anything on the aesthetic side?if there's anyone experienced in this field, what type of self-defense courses would you suggest novices to take? are courses at gyms et al good?edit: i forgot to add the serious tag. so, you know. [serious]++$++18
i have defeated my first major urge. i was sliding down the slope to relapse and was playing with the idea of pmo. i had the sense to take a quick cold shower and clear my head and i am back to my senses. on a side note: i have found that in addition to taking cold showers, giving up a certain comfortable activity (for me it was eating chocolate) has helped reinforce the idea of denying self gratification.++$++18
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* texas grand jury clears cops caught on camera beating a woman in jail, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2od04r/texas_grand_jury_clears_cops_caught_on_camera/)**  * orion deep space capsule launches., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ocvqh/orion_deep_space_capsule_launches/)**  * rolling stone backtracks on alleged rape at uva. "in the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in jackie's account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.", *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2oe3r4/rolling_stone_backtracks_on_alleged_rape_at_uva/)**  * when 3 children became orphaned texan fotball player jj watt donated money to them and then befriended the 3 "i didn't want to be one of these guys who dropped in, and they never heard from me again,", *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2ocq6a/when_3_children_became_orphaned_texan_fotball/)**  * judge rules that banks can sue target for 2013 credit card hack, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2od3w6/judge_rules_that_banks_can_sue_target_for_2013/)**  * that's football. charles, that's football., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2od5so/thats_football_charles_thats_football/)**  * judge allows glenn beck boston marathon defamation lawsuit to move forward, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2odsoh/judge_allows_glenn_beck_boston_marathon/)**  * julian assange: who should own the internet? | "humanity cannot now reject the internet, but clearly we cannot surrender it either. instead, we have to fight for it... the manifold logic of the internet is the key to understanding the approaching war for the intellectual center of our civilization", *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2oexvo/julian_assange_who_should_own_the_internet/)**  * what the fuck is with the grape juice?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2od39z/what_the_fuck_is_with_the_grape_juice/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk the dangers of prescription drugs. prescription drug abuse just passed car crashes as the leading cause of death in 29 states. they kill more than heroin and cocaine combined in the us annually., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2odorb/ysk_the_dangers_of_prescription_drugs/)**  * why are celsius and fahrenheit measured in degrees while kelvin is its own unit?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2oczz9/why_are_celsius_and_fahrenheit_measured_in/)**  * eli5: how come when i leave a cup of water out overnight, the next day it tastes stale?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2odc3w/eli5_how_come_when_i_leave_a_cup_of_water_out/)**  * til in a scene in swingers, sirens can be heard in the distance from the state troopers arriving to shut down filming, as the crew did not have a permit to shoot., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2od1y0/til_in_a_scene_in_swingers_sirens_can_be_heard_in/)**  * types of abuse complaints against nypd - 87 chokeholds in 2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2oe6a9/types_of_abuse_complaints_against_nypd_87/)**  * how to make chocolate almond 'schwarzenegger' protein truffles, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ocseh/how_to_make_chocolate_almond_schwarzenegger/)**  * isn't it illegal to have a ceo earn $1 because of minimum wage?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ocw1t/isnt_it_illegal_to_have_a_ceo_earn_1_because_of/)**  * nature be doing crazy shit again, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2odrxg/nature_be_doing_crazy_shit_again/)**  * there was once only 150 golden lion tamarins left in the world. today there are over three thousand., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2odb8f/there_was_once_only_150_golden_lion_tamarins_left/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: mac book users, hover your mouse over any word and tap three fingers on the track pad to see the definition, as well as thesaurus and wiki entries., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2od5c0/lpt_mac_book_users_hover_your_mouse_over_any_word/)**  * icelandic bodybuilder parodies 'last christmas'. it's pretty amazing., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2odp10/icelandic_bodybuilder_parodies_last_christmas_its/)**  * [video] homeless bodybuilder in paris. now what's your excuse ? (video in french), *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2odffj/video_homeless_bodybuilder_in_paris_now_whats/)**  * put a piece of tape on the top of your usb or charger heads. now you can plug them in without looking or in the dark with 100% accuracy., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2of3kq/put_a_piece_of_tape_on_the_top_of_your_usb_or/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: we are dr. david reidmiller and dr. farhan akhtar, climate science advisors at the u.s. department of state and we're currently negotiating at the unfcc cop-20. ask us anything!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2oczj8/science_ama_series_we_are_dr_david_reidmiller_and/)**  * giraffes in danger of extinction: why their numbers have dropped., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ocy9t/giraffes_in_danger_of_extinction_why_their/)**  * orion has successfully launched!, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ocvsx/orion_has_successfully_launched/)**  * thousands of einstein documents are now a click away, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2odo54/thousands_of_einstein_documents_are_now_a_click/)**  * eso has approved the construction of e-elt, the biggest telescope ever!, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2ocnou/eso_has_approved_the_construction_of_eelt_the/)**  * this week in tech: smart textiles, 3d printing electronic circuitry, the fastest 2d camera, and more!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ocytw/this_week_in_tech_smart_textiles_3d_printing/)**  * world map in the manner of piet mondrian [948730], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2ocwh3/world_map_in_the_manner_of_piet_mondrian_948730/)**  * std::string is responsible for almost half of all allocations in the chrome browser process, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ocmvb/stdstring_is_responsible_for_almost_half_of_all/)**  * bioshock infinite is finally coming to linux, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2odi3i/bioshock_infinite_is_finally_coming_to_linux/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* that annoying coworker - what does he/she keep doing?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ocpx7/that_annoying_coworker_what_does_heshe_keep_doing/)**  * hi i'm a stand up comedian and a nobody and today is my fifth year on reddit. i'm tim ross. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2oduqr/hi_im_a_stand_up_comedian_and_a_nobody_and_today/)**  * i am 92 years old, ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2oeqmq/i_am_92_years_old_ama/)**  * /r/bitcoin user posts a draft of a speech that his kid wrote about bitcoin which was harshly graded by his seemingly anti-bitcoin teacher. later, he is accused of faking it after someone conducts some "handwriting forensics"., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2odeob/rbitcoin_user_posts_a_draft_of_a_speech_that_his/)**  * the people of reddit vs. /r/rickrocketed for telling lies, failure to deliver and goldscam, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2od4q3/the_people_of_reddit_vs_rrickrocketed_for_telling/)**  * /u/cenodoxus gives an informative summary of some of the things that have gone wrong about feeding the people in north korea, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2ocrqo/ucenodoxus_gives_an_informative_summary_of_some/)**  * help us make reddit better by taking this 5-minute survey!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2oegp7/help_us_make_reddit_better_by_taking_this_5minute/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ocild) /r/shittyrobots, /r/mypeopleneedme, /r/thereifixedit, /r/designassets, /r/jamesbond  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* how putin came to power (2005) this documentary traces the stunningly rapid ascension of this political unknown to leadership of the kremlin.(46 mins), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ocapr/how_putin_came_to_power_2005_this_documentary/)**  * life of brian (1979) [1080p] - 1:33:43, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2oegf0/life_of_brian_1979_1080p_13343/)**  * til that rotten tomatoes actually sends you a physical trophy if your movie is certified fresh., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2oeuac/til_that_rotten_tomatoes_actually_sends_you_a/)**  * tom waits on the radio all day today! kmsu mankato, mn, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2od8dn/tom_waits_on_the_radio_all_day_today_kmsu_mankato/)**  * teddyloid ft daoko -- me!me!me! [electro / dubstep / drumnbass](2014) one of the coolest, weirdest, and possibly deepest music videos i've ever seen, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2oc5d0/teddyloid_ft_daoko_mememe_electro_dubstep/)**  * "grow your own picture"- click start to see genetics in action, as a randomly generated collection of shapes evolve to resemble a given picture., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oeq1g/grow_your_own_picture_click_start_to_see_genetics/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* three dogs in wheelchairs meet a horseshoe crab., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2od1ba/three_dogs_in_wheelchairs_meet_a_horseshoe_crab/)**  * colorado river, grand canyon natl park. 12 day river trip - should be required activity for all mankind. [720 x 960] [oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2odk79/colorado_river_grand_canyon_natl_park_12_day/)**  * got really lucky at sunset. not sure i'll take a photo like this again, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2odkpu/got_really_lucky_at_sunset_not_sure_ill_take_a/)**  * orion/delta iv-heavy on its launchpad this morning [3971 x 3236], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2odbqi/oriondelta_ivheavy_on_its_launchpad_this_morning/)**  * puerto vallarta sunset looking amazing from a cruise ship [oc][3264x2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2od6wz/puerto_vallarta_sunset_looking_amazing_from_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* i'm the newest member of reddit, *from /r/hellointernet* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hellointernet/comments/2oezpf/im_the_newest_member_of_reddit/)**  * easy online courses?, *from /r/txstate* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/txstate/comments/2odhsk/easy_online_courses/)**  * have fun being alone if you don't give me an iphone, *from /r/shitcosmosays* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shitcosmosays/comments/2oclc6/have_fun_being_alone_if_you_dont_give_me_an_iphone/)**  * winston and his lil' pug think they're royalty, *from /r/pugs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pugs/comments/2od9ox/winston_and_his_lil_pug_think_theyre_royalty/)**  * what if america had been completely focused on space exploration from the start?, *from /r/historicalwhatif* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/historicalwhatif/comments/2oc706/what_if_america_had_been_completely_focused_on/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* "immaculate conception" means "holy fuck.", *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2odbft/immaculate_conception_means_holy_fuck/)**  * take away women's right to vote so people get mad and actually care about voting again, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2odqkj/take_away_womens_right_to_vote_so_people_get_mad/)**  * "can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? yes, work never begun." -christina rossetti, poet (1830-1894), *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2od5wr/can_anything_be_sadder_than_work_left_unfinished/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* texas grand jury clears cops caught on camera beating a woman in jail, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2od04r/texas_grand_jury_clears_cops_caught_on_camera/)**  * orion deep space capsule launches., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ocvqh/orion_deep_space_capsule_launches/)**  * rolling stone backtracks on alleged rape at uva. "in the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in jackie's account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.", *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2oe3r4/rolling_stone_backtracks_on_alleged_rape_at_uva/)**  * when 3 children became orphaned texan fotball player jj watt donated money to them and then befriended the 3 "i didn't want to be one of these guys who dropped in, and they never heard from me again,", *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2ocq6a/when_3_children_became_orphaned_texan_fotball/)**  * judge rules that banks can sue target for 2013 credit card hack, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2od3w6/judge_rules_that_banks_can_sue_target_for_2013/)**  * that's football. charles, that's football., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2od5so/thats_football_charles_thats_football/)**  * judge allows glenn beck boston marathon defamation lawsuit to move forward, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2odsoh/judge_allows_glenn_beck_boston_marathon/)**  * julian assange: who should own the internet? | "humanity cannot now reject the internet, but clearly we cannot surrender it either. instead, we have to fight for it... the manifold logic of the internet is the key to understanding the approaching war for the intellectual center of our civilization", *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2oexvo/julian_assange_who_should_own_the_internet/)**  * what the fuck is with the grape juice?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2od39z/what_the_fuck_is_with_the_grape_juice/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk the dangers of prescription drugs. prescription drug abuse just passed car crashes as the leading cause of death in 29 states. they kill more than heroin and cocaine combined in the us annually., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2odorb/ysk_the_dangers_of_prescription_drugs/)**  * why are celsius and fahrenheit measured in degrees while kelvin is its own unit?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2oczz9/why_are_celsius_and_fahrenheit_measured_in/)**  * eli5: how come when i leave a cup of water out overnight, the next day it tastes stale?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2odc3w/eli5_how_come_when_i_leave_a_cup_of_water_out/)**  * til in a scene in swingers, sirens can be heard in the distance from the state troopers arriving to shut down filming, as the crew did not have a permit to shoot., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2od1y0/til_in_a_scene_in_swingers_sirens_can_be_heard_in/)**  * types of abuse complaints against nypd - 87 chokeholds in 2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2oe6a9/types_of_abuse_complaints_against_nypd_87/)**  * how to make chocolate almond 'schwarzenegger' protein truffles, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ocseh/how_to_make_chocolate_almond_schwarzenegger/)**  * isn't it illegal to have a ceo earn $1 because of minimum wage?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ocw1t/isnt_it_illegal_to_have_a_ceo_earn_1_because_of/)**  * nature be doing crazy shit again, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2odrxg/nature_be_doing_crazy_shit_again/)**  * there was once only 150 golden lion tamarins left in the world. today there are over three thousand., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2odb8f/there_was_once_only_150_golden_lion_tamarins_left/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: mac book users, hover your mouse over any word and tap three fingers on the track pad to see the definition, as well as thesaurus and wiki entries., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2od5c0/lpt_mac_book_users_hover_your_mouse_over_any_word/)**  * icelandic bodybuilder parodies 'last christmas'. it's pretty amazing., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2odp10/icelandic_bodybuilder_parodies_last_christmas_its/)**  * [video] homeless bodybuilder in paris. now what's your excuse ? (video in french), *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2odffj/video_homeless_bodybuilder_in_paris_now_whats/)**  * put a piece of tape on the top of your usb or charger heads. now you can plug them in without looking or in the dark with 100% accuracy., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2of3kq/put_a_piece_of_tape_on_the_top_of_your_usb_or/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: we are dr. david reidmiller and dr. farhan akhtar, climate science advisors at the u.s. department of state and we're currently negotiating at the unfcc cop-20. ask us anything!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2oczj8/science_ama_series_we_are_dr_david_reidmiller_and/)**  * giraffes in danger of extinction: why their numbers have dropped., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ocy9t/giraffes_in_danger_of_extinction_why_their/)**  * orion has successfully launched!, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ocvsx/orion_has_successfully_launched/)**  * thousands of einstein documents are now a click away, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2odo54/thousands_of_einstein_documents_are_now_a_click/)**  * eso has approved the construction of e-elt, the biggest telescope ever!, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2ocnou/eso_has_approved_the_construction_of_eelt_the/)**  * this week in tech: smart textiles, 3d printing electronic circuitry, the fastest 2d camera, and more!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ocytw/this_week_in_tech_smart_textiles_3d_printing/)**  * world map in the manner of piet mondrian [948730], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2ocwh3/world_map_in_the_manner_of_piet_mondrian_948730/)**  * std::string is responsible for almost half of all allocations in the chrome browser process, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ocmvb/stdstring_is_responsible_for_almost_half_of_all/)**  * bioshock infinite is finally coming to linux, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2odi3i/bioshock_infinite_is_finally_coming_to_linux/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* that annoying coworker - what does he/she keep doing?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ocpx7/that_annoying_coworker_what_does_heshe_keep_doing/)**  * hi i'm a stand up comedian and a nobody and today is my fifth year on reddit. i'm tim ross. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2oduqr/hi_im_a_stand_up_comedian_and_a_nobody_and_today/)**  * i am 92 years old, ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2oeqmq/i_am_92_years_old_ama/)**  * /r/bitcoin user posts a draft of a speech that his kid wrote about bitcoin which was harshly graded by his seemingly anti-bitcoin teacher. later, he is accused of faking it after someone conducts some "handwriting forensics"., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2odeob/rbitcoin_user_posts_a_draft_of_a_speech_that_his/)**  * the people of reddit vs. /r/rickrocketed for telling lies, failure to deliver and goldscam, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2od4q3/the_people_of_reddit_vs_rrickrocketed_for_telling/)**  * /u/cenodoxus gives an informative summary of some of the things that have gone wrong about feeding the people in north korea, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2ocrqo/ucenodoxus_gives_an_informative_summary_of_some/)**  * help us make reddit better by taking this 5-minute survey!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2oegp7/help_us_make_reddit_better_by_taking_this_5minute/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ocild) /r/shittyrobots, /r/mypeopleneedme, /r/thereifixedit, /r/designassets, /r/jamesbond  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* how putin came to power (2005) this documentary traces the stunningly rapid ascension of this political unknown to leadership of the kremlin.(46 mins), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ocapr/how_putin_came_to_power_2005_this_documentary/)**  * life of brian (1979) [1080p] - 1:33:43, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2oegf0/life_of_brian_1979_1080p_13343/)**  * til that rotten tomatoes actually sends you a physical trophy if your movie is certified fresh., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2oeuac/til_that_rotten_tomatoes_actually_sends_you_a/)**  * tom waits on the radio all day today! kmsu mankato, mn, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2od8dn/tom_waits_on_the_radio_all_day_today_kmsu_mankato/)**  * teddyloid ft daoko -- me!me!me! [electro / dubstep / drumnbass](2014) one of the coolest, weirdest, and possibly deepest music videos i've ever seen, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2oc5d0/teddyloid_ft_daoko_mememe_electro_dubstep/)**  * "grow your own picture"- click start to see genetics in action, as a randomly generated collection of shapes evolve to resemble a given picture., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oeq1g/grow_your_own_picture_click_start_to_see_genetics/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* three dogs in wheelchairs meet a horseshoe crab., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2od1ba/three_dogs_in_wheelchairs_meet_a_horseshoe_crab/)**  * colorado river, grand canyon natl park. 12 day river trip - should be required activity for all mankind. [720 x 960] [oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2odk79/colorado_river_grand_canyon_natl_park_12_day/)**  * got really lucky at sunset. not sure i'll take a photo like this again, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2odkpu/got_really_lucky_at_sunset_not_sure_ill_take_a/)**  * orion/delta iv-heavy on its launchpad this morning [3971 x 3236], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2odbqi/oriondelta_ivheavy_on_its_launchpad_this_morning/)**  * puerto vallarta sunset looking amazing from a cruise ship [oc][3264x2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2od6wz/puerto_vallarta_sunset_looking_amazing_from_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* i'm the newest member of reddit, *from /r/hellointernet* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hellointernet/comments/2oezpf/im_the_newest_member_of_reddit/)**  * easy online courses?, *from /r/txstate* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/txstate/comments/2odhsk/easy_online_courses/)**  * have fun being alone if you don't give me an iphone, *from /r/shitcosmosays* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shitcosmosays/comments/2oclc6/have_fun_being_alone_if_you_dont_give_me_an_iphone/)**  * winston and his lil' pug think they're royalty, *from /r/pugs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pugs/comments/2od9ox/winston_and_his_lil_pug_think_theyre_royalty/)**  * what if america had been completely focused on space exploration from the start?, *from /r/historicalwhatif* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/historicalwhatif/comments/2oc706/what_if_america_had_been_completely_focused_on/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* "immaculate conception" means "holy fuck.", *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2odbft/immaculate_conception_means_holy_fuck/)**  * take away women's right to vote so people get mad and actually care about voting again, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2odqkj/take_away_womens_right_to_vote_so_people_get_mad/)**  * "can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? yes, work never begun." -christina rossetti, poet (1830-1894), *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2od5wr/can_anything_be_sadder_than_work_left_unfinished/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
as someone who isn't experience with theming apps, what is the easiest way to theme an app?i am using the azura theme on m ipad and the xbox smart glass app isn't themed for it and since i don't know how or what to do, i was hoping someone could explain or do it for me. thanks!++$++20
my penis has been in a 'hard flaccid' state for the last 2+ years. it seems like i have permanent damage. i can't remember the last time i had morning wood or a spontaneous erection that was above 60% strength. i have no libido but the biggest issue is how my dick feels like it has been inflated with rubber or something. just so not right and its taken me so long to realize it, i would masturbate even with the condition for a long time and now i'm scared i caused permanent damage. i had a 68 day streak in hard mode recently and i didn't feel any sense of progress throughout it. help me here!!!++$++23
https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=p8l36bpgt59q9t92av3do10bk4@group.calendar.google.comwho's responsible for this?++$++20
is it recommended to use additional dietary options with if or just if? as in things like: carb cycling, low carb/keto, slow carb and similar options. as well on a separate note how well do things like drinking tea and water when i first wake up work in terms of boosting my metabolism, i see in many studies it "significantly increases" my metabolism but realistically what does that mean and would it be at all possible to get a calorie range on that (i know it depends on body and a lot of other factors but ball park).tl;dr- do i do if straight or combine it with other dieting practices?++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on saturday.  **report period:**   friday, november 28, 2014 through thursday, december 04, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asianhotties** [[full report](/2ofq87)]   ---* [hey guys! are self posts allowed on this sub, and do i quali[f]y?](/2o8ass)  * [amazing asian body](/2nolq8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/baseball** [[full report](/2og4kf)]   ---* [umpire dale scott comes out as gay](/2o251p)  * [happy birthday sandman :)](/2nrhq3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bestof** [[full report](/2ofuh0)]   ---* [kevin smith shows up to debunk a myth about his interactions with bruce willis on set](/2o9e10)  * [redditor takes a picture of two strangers getting engaged. another redditor finds them to deliver the picture.](/2o5do3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/collegebasketball** [[full report](/2ofpx9)]   ---* [my new favorite iowa sports picture was taken last night.](/2o9xae)  * ["basketball" is most frequently used term on dating sites in state of kentucky](/2o1zgr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiracy** [[full report](/2og2kt)]   ---* [what i did after police killed my son  retired air force officer pushes wisconsin to pass the nations first law calling for outside review of police shootings. (x-post /r/truereddit)](/2nnlm5)  * [what's worse than doing something wrong? having so much contempt for your victim to deny that wrongdoing took place. the state killed this unarmed black man, eric garner. today, his killing was applauded as a just response to selling untaxed cigarettes. the message is clear: obey or pay the penalty.](/2o9e4g)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cyberlaws** [[full report](/2ofqd5)]   ---* [comcast forgets to delete revealing note from blog post](/2o9nm2)  * [copyright law as a tool for state censorship of the internet](/2o6flb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/documentaries** [[full report](/2oft0k)]   ---* [seinfeld: how it began (2004) how jerry seinfeld and larry david met and created the show "seinfeld", told by jerry and larry.](/2nzuto)  * [pixel pioneers: a brief history of video game graphics (2014)-in 5 parts](/2ns1hq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/economics** [[full report](/2ofzvg)]   ---* [singapore spends 3% of gdp on healthcare and has amazing results. the usa spends 18%](/2nxyqx)  * [debunking the stubborn myth that war is good for the economy: nobel prize winning economists, federal reserve chair and other top experts: war is bad for the economy](/2o3bwd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/everythingscience** [[full report](/2ofx2j)]   ---* [the most complete answer i've ever seen to the fermi paradox](/2o5el5)  * [charles darwin's evolution notes are released by cambridge university, on more than 12,000 scanned pages.](/2nxygv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitness** [[full report](/2og65e)]   ---* [this week, i turn 30. as a personal celebration, here's my two year transformation from 220-157 pounds.](/2ny75f)  * [convert pounds to kilograms in your head - halve the number and subtract 10%](/2oa34o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/food** [[full report](/2og44x)]   ---* [actual poor student cookbook](/2nqzo6)  * [surf and turf i made as special for the steakhouse where i work.](/2o1s96)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/freekarma** [[full report](/2ofskp)]   ---* [it's my cake day](/2nvbtw)  * [be him](/2o0n3i)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fullmoviesonyoutube** [[full report](/2ofs27)]   ---* [american psycho](/2o4xpj)  * [lon: the professional (1994) [720p] uncut international version](/2nuxte)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gaming** [[full report](/2og76r)]   ---* [found an unusual lan party in prague.](/2nrcd9)  * [just finished fixing up two arcade racer games!](/2nu20g)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewild** [[full report](/2og3d2)]   ---* [i like it when you guys have fun seeing my pictures [f]...](/2nxjqe)  * [getting [f]ucked from behind is my favorite ;)](/2o2quk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/history** [[full report](/2ofrbx)]   ---* [a nurse describes the smell of the civil war - caroline hancock was 23 when she was a nurse after battle of gettysburg. she found the smell of the decaying bodies so strong that she viewed it as "an oppressive, malignant force, capable of killing the wounded men forced to lie amid corpses."](/2nr9nw)  * [75 years ago today soviet union started the invasion of finland, later to be called the winter war. here is a speech by the finnish foreign minister eljas erkko directed to the americans. [site is in finnish, just click play]](/2nupsm)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indiegaming** [[full report](/2ofqnv)]   ---* [the super wolfenstein hd guards are a bit of a downgrade](/2nox2i)  * [line wobbler. a 1d dungeon crawler on an led strip played with a 'wobble' controller. pretty lights!](/2o54k8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/interestingasfuck** [[full report](/2oftq3)]   ---* [in very rare circumstances it is possible to see a full 360 degree rainbow from an airplane](/2nua9i)  * [i see your cloud over mt fuji and raise you mt rainier](/2nok2p)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/kpop** [[full report](/2ofvz7)]   ---* [beyonce - yonce choreography by kyle hanagami (miss a min version)](/2o8x3t)  * [[announcement] f(x)'s amber to debut solo in february 2015, first solo from f(x)](/2npt6g)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladybonersgw** [[full report](/2og0t9)]   ---* [i'm not completely sure how nude i have to be but here's a beach pic! (m)](/2nzo7v)  * [study break](/2o478e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/law** [[full report](/2ofqz2)]   ---* [aclu sues grain valley for ticketing drivers who flash headlights. "the government cannot ticket drivers who have done nothing more than exercise their right to communicate with other drivers.](/2o8ov0)  * [i know this subreddit isn't much for trivialities, but this is mn supreme court justice alan page playing the sousaphone at the twin cities marathon](/2o0uk2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/leaves** [[full report](/2ofro6)]   ---* [i started smoking when i should have been thinking about my future, and now im in my future. and im lost.](/2o5tfw)  * [mj use is down but ___ use is way up](/2ntjae)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/metacanada** [[full report](/2ofuqm)]   ---* [implausible conspiracy theory? better blindly upvote this to the top of r/canada!](/2nv8aw)  * [nominees for the marc nadon award for excellence in terrible legal advice](/2nrv2n)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nostupidquestions** [[full report](/2og1r9)]   ---* [1)can you tickle a seagull? 2) does tickling only apply to things that can laugh?](/2o8o5o)  * [in the spanish version of toy story 3, does buzz speak english when he is switched to the alternate language?](/2nmnyw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sports** [[full report](/2ofy0d)]   ---* [great analysis during the predators game last night...](/2o5tto)  * [espn suspended keith law for trying to correct curt schilling on the topic of evolution](/2nrzac)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/television** [[full report](/2ofyl7)]   ---* [house of cards s3 - fed 27th 2015](/2ny6sc)  * [nick offerman offered role in fargo season 2](/2o9zx5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thathappened** [[full report](/2ofva5)]   ---* [my kids accidentally put 2 50" tvs in my cart](/2o1kt2)  * [she's definitely not famous.](/2nyxep)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thickchixxx** [[full report](/2ofqhj)]   ---* [the perfect heart shape.](/2o5vb9)  * [jada sezer](/2npbod)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trees** [[full report](/2og5eb)]   ---* [found this pinned up on the wall in the student center at my university today.](/2o1lgl)  * [number 7! doug just keeps getting more and more thrilled.](/2nm99r)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
does that mark the institution of a sort of "black market"?  do we run the risk of being charged with drug trafficking and paraphernalia charges for having pvs and buying and selling juice?  will b&amp;ms be forced to close?  am i gonna have to buy one of those vuse things?  i have a lot of questions and i feel like there aren't very many good answers and i hope that if it comes down to it, the regulators look at how well the vaping market self-regulates as-is and decide to leave well enough alone.i don't know what exactly the point of this was except that i have questions, i need answers, and the idea of a black market vape shop both confuses and arouses me.++$++21
i'm the gm of a ~250 member guild and with the resurgence of players this expac, we've decided to put together a raid team. however, none of us have too much experience outside of lfr/oqueue flex (from last expac).as the gm and raid leader, what should i do to prepare for tomorrow?i have a private guild vent setup and working and plan on bringing food/feasts for everyone. the roster isn't full, so we'll likely be pugging several people, but that shouldn't be too much of a problem.++$++24
thinking of faction transferring a toon to experience the other side (i'm alliance and going to horde).worth it? or are the storylines the same just the first zone that is different? thanks++$++19
i have been trying to transfer files from gopro hero 4 to pc but i am getting this error:error 0x800705b4 this operation returned because the timeout period expired.any ideas please?++$++22
i have an interview at cambridge university on thursday. at first i was really excited, seeing as though it's such a big deal and everything. my mum said she'd come with me and be there and everything would have been okay.until now. she's bailed out on me. she's noy going to come now, meaning i'll have to go on my own. i'm scared of going down by myself because i'm so awkward about everything. i asked my boyfriend to come with me and he can't because school. begged him and everything and he thinks i'm better off going by myself. i just really wish he'd come with me. i'm probably being really irrational but i need someone with me otherwise i'm gonna be constantly anxious about everything. is that stranger following me? will that car hit me?then there's the interview itself. strangers expecting things from me. i'm scared about this situation entirely. trains are fine but being alone is not.what am i meant to do? :(++$++17
hello, i've heard some friends of mine dated after hanging out with each other non-romantically for a while, but i also hear some people prefer dating people they have little previous connection to. when i say someone you have known for a while, i mean like maybe you went to the same school years back or used to hang out when you were younger, not someone you met in class and like a month later decided to date. what is your opinion?++$++22
call me a teenage white girl because i literally can't even. over the past 3 weeks, i've been watching this show and i love it. i've never seen a show that's primarily dialogue but it just felt so brilliant.i have to watch hanamonogatari now and i'm sure i'll love it too.++$++17
i am posting here again except much more desperate this time. my last post didn't get nearly enough answers so this time, i ask that if you know anyone in the age groups, please ask them these questions, and even if you aren't in the age group, i still ask you to please answer.###the first part is for children (under 13). need **at least one more** and i will need the age of your child should you provide answers for this part.**a.** where does the sun go at night?**b.** could you become a boy (or girl) if you want to?**c.** what are clouds made of?**d.** how old do you think i, [blazer1001] (http://i.imgur.com/hcaxsg0.jpg), am?**e.** where do dreams come from?**f.** does your brother (sister) have any brothers (sisters)?**g.** if you pour 8 oz. of milk in a little glass, and i pour 8 oz. of milk into a tall glass, who has more milk?**h.** were your parents ever little?**i.** what makes the leaves fall of the trees?**j.** billy got mad while eating. he threw one glass on the floor and broke it. john was helping his mom clean cupboards. he accidentally tripped and broke six glasses he was carrying. who is more naughty-billy or john?###this part is for adults (25 and older). need ** at least two more** preferably in your 30s-90s but will take anything at this point, will need your age here also.**a.** when do you feel like you "felt" like an adult?**b.** what do you like to do in your spare time?**c.** what age of development do you think was the most difficult so far?**d.** what is you opinion (in general) about teenagers?**e.** if money were no option, what is one thing you would love to do?**f.** what has surprised you about your life as an adult?**g.** what challenges do you foresee for today's teenagers?**h.** if you could go back in time, what advice would you give your teenage self?**i.** how has your concept of "what is old" changed throughout your life?**j.** what do you think keeps people young?thank you in advance for any responses. i would like to say that this has been sanctioned by my teacher so i'm not using reddit as a cheap way of doing this. also, in case you were wondering, i am 16 years old.++$++16
i am looking for a site that has more info and update often with sales for pc parts and games. like this one. http://www.game-debate.com/deals/++$++21
shitpost to cure cancer in grand line.++$++23
english is my second language and i am deaf. first of all, i would like to say that da: i is amazing game. i bought it for pc. the reason i choose pc over consoles is because pc is more deaf friendly because of easy access to text chat rather than console menus which taking forever. i learned about this game having multiplayer similar to mass effect 3. of course i was so excited. i love dragon age and mass effect. these are best games bioware ever made. i played all on ps3/xbox360 before i ported to pc. mainly reason i got excited because i knew i'd get pc before da: i came out. i always wanted to have communicate with teammates. having communicate and play for real like serious make game more fun to me. pc always have that feature while consoles never does./so today i played multiplayer for first time. only played one match and i became frustrated and annoyed already the moment i set in. there is no text chat!(the one you have to press t or y to type and press enter to send.) that is my rant. why would bioware not add that to multiplayer for pc? it is pc for sake! every multiplayer games on pc suppose to have text chat! so why not this one too? now i can't even communicate with them at all. we lost because of lacking of communicate. some players would be waiting at front of locked door without me knowing and wonder why they wait for and realized i am only rogue and i was suppose to picklock. it is all confuse and lack of communicate made game quite un-enjoyable. i can't even enjoy this game online. please add back text chat system. it would be much helpful for deaf players. we can't use voice program. it is totally not fair to us. /how or where can i get bioware developers attention to this? /edit: ablegamer charity on twitter has answered my question. they said they are pushing bioware to add this and other stuff. awesome! now waiting for patch.++$++21
please forgive me for the lengthy post friends. i am a 15 year old catholic and there is a lot of things on my mind regarding my faith recently. the least important most likely being that despite being catholic, i frequent this sub more often, as i find i relate to this more and agree with the views of the users here on various issues. so does this mean i shouldn't be catholic? i'm very happy with my religion, but this makes me wonder. but then i think, if i decide my faith based on reddit, then i am an idiot. any input would be much appreciated.my far more important issue is the topic of my recent post on /r/catholicism. for a while, i have been feeling a great sadness at the fact that i will never be able to join the priesthood, which is what i would love and feel called to do. i managed to unintentionally offend a number of people with my post by unintentionally implying that no one other than priests fully devote their lives to god. i known this isn't true, so my request is this. can you help me learn about the religious life, such as how to discern if it is what i am being called to, and the different paths i could follow? i'm really quite lost on this, so help would be very much appreciated. thank you very much everyone and god bless!++$++15
my penis is hard and rubbery in its flaccid state literally 24/7. i never get morning wood or spontaneous erections. i get shrinkage in my scrotum and penis during every bowel movement. and my libido is nonexistent. i'm scared that bad masturbation technique is what has caused the damage. years of death grip and i would also masturbate multiple times back to back without stopping. just out of compulsion and not out of true horniness. i'm scared that this is irreversible. if my dick was broken, i wouldn't want to live i think. i've been dealing with this 'hard flaccid' bullshit for over 2 years now and i don't think i can take this much longer++$++23
because there's no present like the time.++$++37
title says it all. willing to exchange 3 keys for an ak redline ft. please add me as i am online right now.  http://steamcommunity.com/id/venm1337  happy trading!++$++14
i wanted to share my experience with yall. i have amd fx-6300 unlocked cpu. last month, i installed new mobo and cpu. i have had bad shuttering and skipping frames on some games like ffxiv arr, skyrim, defiance, eso, and borderlands. i tried to uninstall and install new driver which it worked like band aid that lasted for while. thought my old gpu, 650 gtx is to be bad one. i bought new amd radeon 270 gpu. it does same thing! so i realized it is not related to gpu issue and assumed it was my ram or mobo. i scourged internet and found no fix. finally i thought "could it be cpu?" it is overclocking. temperate is fine. so i could not figure out why games does that even i have tried many fixes. was about to throw towel and call it until my friend told me to set affinity on a game i running through task manger. all games is running on all cores! so i wanted to play eso for bit so i started with it. i disabled all cores and enabled core 0, core 1, and core 2. guess what? it fixed everything! eso is running like butter. i realized now that it is reason why it affecting other games so i did same thing to all games that have issue and it is fixed! /summary: had bad shuttering and frame skipping. gpu, ram and mobo was not cause. it is cpu cores. went into task manger and set affinity and disable all cores and re-enable two or three cores and it fixed issue. (have to have game running first before set) edit: why am i being downvote for sharing a fix?++$++21
i've heard this noise at random times for as long as i can remember. the first memory i have of it is from lying in bed in my childhood bedroom. it's normally very quiet (i can usually only hear it if i'm in a quiet room, like lying in bed before i go to sleep) and sounds like the ticking of a watch or small clock. except the ticking is too irregular to be a clock and the sound moves around the room. it normally sounds like it's coming from around the top of walls and around the ceiling, sometimes stays still and sometimes migrates around the room. sometimes it's closer to me, for example last time i heard it it was right beside my head. it's not one tick every second, it's more like two. it's never in the same place, and this noise has followed me to every house i've lived in. from my childhood room, to the house i moved to when i was 13, to the newly built apartment i lived in when i moved out, and now my new home. i know for sure i'm not dreaming when i hear this. i'm also pretty sure i've only heard it indoors and i'm not sure if i've ever heard it while at someone else's house. sometimes i ask my boyfriend if he can hear it too and sometimes he can, sometimes he can't. i feel like i hear it less often now but i heard it the other night for the first time in ages and it reminded me of all of this and how odd it really is. now that i have a forum to share this in i'm really keen to see if anyone has similar experiences or some kind of explanation. i've experienced other "glitches" before which i've posted about but this one is totally different for me because it's been with me my whole life. i would love to know what this might be. it's definitely not in my head because my boyfriend has been able to hear it too. **edit** i forgot to mention that the pace of the ticking speeds up and shows down sometimes. i also have memories of being able to get it to stop by focusing on it hard enough. **edit 2** i just did a bit of research and there are apparently a lot of other people who have experienced the same thing. it looks like the best theories are more paranormal, several people saying this ticking is our guardians trying to warn us of big events or changes.++$++20
i've started playing recently (not really, but i only picked up the game for real recently) and i want to know the best settings/skins and whatnot to play the game.i've been told by some that the best res is 1366x768 fullscreen (i have a 1680x1050 monitor, btw). what's the best res to game at?also, what about mouse dpi + windows sensibility? i currently use 2400 because that's what i'm used toi can do some songs on hard, but i'm only able to play atm using z, alternating with x makes me miss really hard.anyway, thanks for reading!++$++16
i've gotten too good at compartmentalizing church from how the rest of my life is going. i've begun to realize that all i'm doing is muting the voice of the holy spirit. i'm a worship leader. how am i supposed to lead people when my own soul is messed up? just go through the motions? what's the point?tonight was one of the best services i've led in a long time. this being the second week of advent, the theme is peace. we opened with the song *dona nobis pacem*"bring us peace". the peace of the lord was definitely there, and i had peace of mind like i often do not have.it was wonderful taking communion knowing i hadn't spent all week giving in to my lust, also. not that i usually spend all week doing pmoit's actually been rarer lately, maybe because i'm getting older. but having made a conscious commitment to stop for real made a *huge* difference in my conscience.four days in when i posted this. i'm not even a quarter of the way to my last good "streak", which was a month or so ago. but this is still very encouraging.++$++30
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* houston police chief sounds off on pot arrests - made it clear enforcing marijuana laws is wasting time, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2ogf5e/houston_police_chief_sounds_off_on_pot_arrests/)**  * the 12 member union of south american nations (unasur) has taken a step toward creating south american citizenship and freedom of movement., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ogjm8/the_12_member_union_of_south_american_nations/)**  * mark wahlberg shouldnt get a pardon for his teenage violence, but theres one thing hes right about, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ogdv1/mark_wahlberg_shouldnt_get_a_pardon_for_his/)**  * watch: 4-year-olds dream of being a ups driver comes true, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2oh2pt/watch_4yearolds_dream_of_being_a_ups_driver_comes/)**  * a revolution of life  interview with saleh muslim ( the politics of the kurdish faction in syria ), *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2ohmz7/a_revolution_of_life_interview_with_saleh_muslim/)**  * british "porn filter" blocks access to chaos computer club website: "when these filters were introduced, their abuse was imminent. today, we are shocked to learn that they not only block access to our site, but also to our conference", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ogjp8/british_porn_filter_blocks_access_to_chaos/)**  * arizona center vomits on ball, then snaps it..., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ofwz8/arizona_center_vomits_on_ball_then_snaps_it/)**  * libel law and the rolling stone / uva alleged gang rape story, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ogm5h/libel_law_and_the_rolling_stone_uva_alleged_gang/)**  * canadian law enforcement agency dropping cases rather than deal with new warrant requirements for isp subscriber info, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2ohu2q/canadian_law_enforcement_agency_dropping_cases/)**  * why do so many people hate totalbiscuit?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ogg3m/why_do_so_many_people_hate_totalbiscuit/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk to seal your soft office chair with teflon to prevent grime absorption..., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ogxw3/ysk_to_seal_your_soft_office_chair_with_teflon_to/)**  * how deep would an ocean have to be until the water at the bottom became a solid?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2oftz8/how_deep_would_an_ocean_have_to_be_until_the/)**  * eli5: why is there so much clutter and loose wires on the international space station? isn't it dangerous? why don't they clean it up?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2ogiuk/eli5_why_is_there_so_much_clutter_and_loose_wires/)**  * til after hurricane ike in 2008, comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane. customers were charged as much as $1000 for failing to return modems, dvrs, and other equipment that had been lost or destroyed., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ogguh/til_after_hurricane_ike_in_2008_comcast_customers/)**  * the most-viewed youtube videos [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2oging/the_mostviewed_youtube_videos_oc/)**  * how to make a lego usb stick, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ohljn/how_to_make_a_lego_usb_stick/)**  * do christmas songs in australia talk about sunny days and beaches as opposed to winter wonderlands and snowfall?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ohdy1/do_christmas_songs_in_australia_talk_about_sunny/)**  * the inside of a ship during a storm., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ogria/the_inside_of_a_ship_during_a_storm/)**  * each morning, after a full night's hunting, mating pairs of spectral tarsiers return to their sleeping site and sing a duet with each other., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ogpsa/each_morning_after_a_full_nights_hunting_mating/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: a lot of people forget this, but if you ever have to call 911 and they ask what medications you're on, we're asking for supplements you're on too., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ofqi4/lpt_a_lot_of_people_forget_this_but_if_you_ever/)**  * where does a 17 year old who can't do more than 2 push-ups start?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ogqxy/where_does_a_17_year_old_who_cant_do_more_than_2/)**  * [image] keep at it. (xpost r/motivation), *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ohii0/image_keep_at_it_xpost_rmotivation/)**  * stop losing crap beside your bucket seats and the center console!, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2ohdik/stop_losing_crap_beside_your_bucket_seats_and_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* researchers have captured the highest-resolution snapshots ever taken with an x-ray laser, revealing how a key protein in a photosynthetic bacterium changes shape when hit by light. they achieved a resolution of 1.6 angstroms, equivalent to the radius of a single tin atom., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2ogdl5/researchers_have_captured_the_highestresolution/)**  * epic short film 'wanderers' envisions humanity's future in space, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2oh5d7/epic_short_film_wanderers_envisions_humanitys/)**  * closeup of orion capsule being recovered following eft-1, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ohf07/closeup_of_orion_capsule_being_recovered/)**  * quantum complexity inside black holes | leonard susskind, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ohgd3/quantum_complexity_inside_black_holes_leonard/)**  * space miniaturized with tilt-shift, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2og8pa/space_miniaturized_with_tiltshift/)**  * proof that the end of moores law is not the end of the singularity. the sixth paradigm that will provide exponential growth of computing will be to go from 2d integrated circuits to 3d integrated circuits., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ogns9/proof_that_the_end_of_moores_law_is_not_the_end/)**  * how europe is greener now than 100 years ago (washington post) [1331*1590], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2og50p/how_europe_is_greener_now_than_100_years_ago/)**  * a formula for the number of days in each month, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ogqnx/a_formula_for_the_number_of_days_in_each_month/)**  * support the free software foundation, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2ofn93/support_the_free_software_foundation/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious] people who have slept with their boss for a promotion/raise, was it worth it?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ogj7e/serious_people_who_have_slept_with_their_boss_for/)**  * iama male, dog groomer and it's a slow day. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ogvlt/iama_male_dog_groomer_and_its_a_slow_day_ama/)**  * 23 year old gay male from russia; ask me anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ohb6k/23_year_old_gay_male_from_russia_ask_me_anything/)**  * someone in /r/greece asks about finding vegan products in greece.it goes as expected., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ogsc9/someone_in_rgreece_asks_about_finding_vegan/)**  * u/dardargnan vs. the moderators of r/soccer for unjustified banning, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2ogbmn/udardargnan_vs_the_moderators_of_rsoccer_for/)**  * wow community comes together and makes christmas happen for a boy from randomactsofchristmas, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2oh46r/wow_community_comes_together_and_makes_christmas/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oh5wc) /r/applebyteme, /r/retrofuturism, /r/holidaybullshit, /r/snapsterpiece, /r/multicopter  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* [trailer] women aren't funny (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ogukl/trailer_women_arent_funny_2014/)**  * spaceballs (1987), *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ogbt7/spaceballs_1987/)**  * noah (2014), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2oiadg/noah_2014/)**  * quentin tarantino on 'interstellar': "its been a while since somebody has come out with such a big vision to things"., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ogl54/quentin_tarantino_on_interstellar_its_been_a/)**  * green day guitarist jason white diagnosed with tonsil cancer, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2ohe6j/green_day_guitarist_jason_white_diagnosed_with/)**  * keaton henson -- small hands [folk rock] (2010) you might cry., *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ogi4s/keaton_henson_small_hands_folk_rock_2010_you/)**  * pulp-o-mizer: generate your own custom pulp magazine cover, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oh95h/pulpomizer_generate_your_own_custom_pulp_magazine/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* lab puppy resting his head on my gfs shoes, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2ogkln/lab_puppy_resting_his_head_on_my_gfs_shoes/)**  * hot day in western ghana [oc] [720x540], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2ogcgq/hot_day_in_western_ghana_oc_720x540/)**  * there's this aussie facebook page called 'drawing dicks on the herald sun.', *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ogz2f/theres_this_aussie_facebook_page_called_drawing/)**  * astronomers observe two stars so close to each other that they will end up merging into a supermassive star [1024 x 768], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2ohrj9/astronomers_observe_two_stars_so_close_to_each/)**  * night sky over the three-chair mountain in the bavarian forest, germany [2000x1331] @ingozahlheimer-photography.de, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2og8ax/night_sky_over_the_threechair_mountain_in_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* the promise and peril of uber's $40 billion valuation, *from /r/finance* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/2ohdsj/the_promise_and_peril_of_ubers_40_billion/)**  * saturday megathread 12/06/14 | ask your game-related questions here!, *from /r/ffxi* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ffxi/comments/2ogjzi/saturday_megathread_120614_ask_your_gamerelated/)**  * ndurzo64 wip pack: comparator &amp;amp; repeater (item) 12/6/14, *from /r/textureaday* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/textureaday/comments/2ohttx/ndurzo64_wip_pack_comparator_repeater_item_12614/)**  * what are your favourite typographic band logos?, *from /r/typography* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/typography/comments/2ohm3n/what_are_your_favourite_typographic_band_logos/)**  * respect hawkman (new 52), *from /r/respectthreads* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/respectthreads/comments/2ofkot/respect_hawkman_new_52/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* the first human to set foot on mars is currently a freshman in high school who has no idea of their future place in history., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2ogppz/the_first_human_to_set_foot_on_mars_is_currently/)**  * cover your entire body in wedding rings to show women you're not afraid of commitment., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oh09y/cover_your_entire_body_in_wedding_rings_to_show/)**  * it is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. then the victory is yours. it cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell. buddha, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ofzq4/it_is_better_to_conquer_yourself_than_to_win_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* houston police chief sounds off on pot arrests - made it clear enforcing marijuana laws is wasting time, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2ogf5e/houston_police_chief_sounds_off_on_pot_arrests/)**  * the 12 member union of south american nations (unasur) has taken a step toward creating south american citizenship and freedom of movement., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ogjm8/the_12_member_union_of_south_american_nations/)**  * mark wahlberg shouldnt get a pardon for his teenage violence, but theres one thing hes right about, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ogdv1/mark_wahlberg_shouldnt_get_a_pardon_for_his/)**  * watch: 4-year-olds dream of being a ups driver comes true, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2oh2pt/watch_4yearolds_dream_of_being_a_ups_driver_comes/)**  * a revolution of life  interview with saleh muslim ( the politics of the kurdish faction in syria ), *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2ohmz7/a_revolution_of_life_interview_with_saleh_muslim/)**  * british "porn filter" blocks access to chaos computer club website: "when these filters were introduced, their abuse was imminent. today, we are shocked to learn that they not only block access to our site, but also to our conference", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ogjp8/british_porn_filter_blocks_access_to_chaos/)**  * arizona center vomits on ball, then snaps it..., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ofwz8/arizona_center_vomits_on_ball_then_snaps_it/)**  * libel law and the rolling stone / uva alleged gang rape story, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ogm5h/libel_law_and_the_rolling_stone_uva_alleged_gang/)**  * canadian law enforcement agency dropping cases rather than deal with new warrant requirements for isp subscriber info, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2ohu2q/canadian_law_enforcement_agency_dropping_cases/)**  * why do so many people hate totalbiscuit?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ogg3m/why_do_so_many_people_hate_totalbiscuit/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk to seal your soft office chair with teflon to prevent grime absorption..., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ogxw3/ysk_to_seal_your_soft_office_chair_with_teflon_to/)**  * how deep would an ocean have to be until the water at the bottom became a solid?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2oftz8/how_deep_would_an_ocean_have_to_be_until_the/)**  * eli5: why is there so much clutter and loose wires on the international space station? isn't it dangerous? why don't they clean it up?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2ogiuk/eli5_why_is_there_so_much_clutter_and_loose_wires/)**  * til after hurricane ike in 2008, comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane. customers were charged as much as $1000 for failing to return modems, dvrs, and other equipment that had been lost or destroyed., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ogguh/til_after_hurricane_ike_in_2008_comcast_customers/)**  * the most-viewed youtube videos [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2oging/the_mostviewed_youtube_videos_oc/)**  * how to make a lego usb stick, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ohljn/how_to_make_a_lego_usb_stick/)**  * do christmas songs in australia talk about sunny days and beaches as opposed to winter wonderlands and snowfall?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ohdy1/do_christmas_songs_in_australia_talk_about_sunny/)**  * the inside of a ship during a storm., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ogria/the_inside_of_a_ship_during_a_storm/)**  * each morning, after a full night's hunting, mating pairs of spectral tarsiers return to their sleeping site and sing a duet with each other., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ogpsa/each_morning_after_a_full_nights_hunting_mating/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: a lot of people forget this, but if you ever have to call 911 and they ask what medications you're on, we're asking for supplements you're on too., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ofqi4/lpt_a_lot_of_people_forget_this_but_if_you_ever/)**  * where does a 17 year old who can't do more than 2 push-ups start?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ogqxy/where_does_a_17_year_old_who_cant_do_more_than_2/)**  * [image] keep at it. (xpost r/motivation), *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ohii0/image_keep_at_it_xpost_rmotivation/)**  * stop losing crap beside your bucket seats and the center console!, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2ohdik/stop_losing_crap_beside_your_bucket_seats_and_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* researchers have captured the highest-resolution snapshots ever taken with an x-ray laser, revealing how a key protein in a photosynthetic bacterium changes shape when hit by light. they achieved a resolution of 1.6 angstroms, equivalent to the radius of a single tin atom., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2ogdl5/researchers_have_captured_the_highestresolution/)**  * epic short film 'wanderers' envisions humanity's future in space, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2oh5d7/epic_short_film_wanderers_envisions_humanitys/)**  * closeup of orion capsule being recovered following eft-1, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ohf07/closeup_of_orion_capsule_being_recovered/)**  * quantum complexity inside black holes | leonard susskind, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ohgd3/quantum_complexity_inside_black_holes_leonard/)**  * space miniaturized with tilt-shift, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2og8pa/space_miniaturized_with_tiltshift/)**  * proof that the end of moores law is not the end of the singularity. the sixth paradigm that will provide exponential growth of computing will be to go from 2d integrated circuits to 3d integrated circuits., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ogns9/proof_that_the_end_of_moores_law_is_not_the_end/)**  * how europe is greener now than 100 years ago (washington post) [1331*1590], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2og50p/how_europe_is_greener_now_than_100_years_ago/)**  * a formula for the number of days in each month, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ogqnx/a_formula_for_the_number_of_days_in_each_month/)**  * support the free software foundation, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2ofn93/support_the_free_software_foundation/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious] people who have slept with their boss for a promotion/raise, was it worth it?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ogj7e/serious_people_who_have_slept_with_their_boss_for/)**  * iama male, dog groomer and it's a slow day. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ogvlt/iama_male_dog_groomer_and_its_a_slow_day_ama/)**  * 23 year old gay male from russia; ask me anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ohb6k/23_year_old_gay_male_from_russia_ask_me_anything/)**  * someone in /r/greece asks about finding vegan products in greece.it goes as expected., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ogsc9/someone_in_rgreece_asks_about_finding_vegan/)**  * u/dardargnan vs. the moderators of r/soccer for unjustified banning, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2ogbmn/udardargnan_vs_the_moderators_of_rsoccer_for/)**  * wow community comes together and makes christmas happen for a boy from randomactsofchristmas, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2oh46r/wow_community_comes_together_and_makes_christmas/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oh5wc) /r/applebyteme, /r/retrofuturism, /r/holidaybullshit, /r/snapsterpiece, /r/multicopter  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* [trailer] women aren't funny (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ogukl/trailer_women_arent_funny_2014/)**  * spaceballs (1987), *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ogbt7/spaceballs_1987/)**  * noah (2014), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2oiadg/noah_2014/)**  * quentin tarantino on 'interstellar': "its been a while since somebody has come out with such a big vision to things"., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ogl54/quentin_tarantino_on_interstellar_its_been_a/)**  * green day guitarist jason white diagnosed with tonsil cancer, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2ohe6j/green_day_guitarist_jason_white_diagnosed_with/)**  * keaton henson -- small hands [folk rock] (2010) you might cry., *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ogi4s/keaton_henson_small_hands_folk_rock_2010_you/)**  * pulp-o-mizer: generate your own custom pulp magazine cover, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oh95h/pulpomizer_generate_your_own_custom_pulp_magazine/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* lab puppy resting his head on my gfs shoes, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2ogkln/lab_puppy_resting_his_head_on_my_gfs_shoes/)**  * hot day in western ghana [oc] [720x540], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2ogcgq/hot_day_in_western_ghana_oc_720x540/)**  * there's this aussie facebook page called 'drawing dicks on the herald sun.', *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ogz2f/theres_this_aussie_facebook_page_called_drawing/)**  * astronomers observe two stars so close to each other that they will end up merging into a supermassive star [1024 x 768], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2ohrj9/astronomers_observe_two_stars_so_close_to_each/)**  * night sky over the three-chair mountain in the bavarian forest, germany [2000x1331] @ingozahlheimer-photography.de, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2og8ax/night_sky_over_the_threechair_mountain_in_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* the promise and peril of uber's $40 billion valuation, *from /r/finance* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/2ohdsj/the_promise_and_peril_of_ubers_40_billion/)**  * saturday megathread 12/06/14 | ask your game-related questions here!, *from /r/ffxi* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ffxi/comments/2ogjzi/saturday_megathread_120614_ask_your_gamerelated/)**  * ndurzo64 wip pack: comparator &amp;amp; repeater (item) 12/6/14, *from /r/textureaday* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/textureaday/comments/2ohttx/ndurzo64_wip_pack_comparator_repeater_item_12614/)**  * what are your favourite typographic band logos?, *from /r/typography* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/typography/comments/2ohm3n/what_are_your_favourite_typographic_band_logos/)**  * respect hawkman (new 52), *from /r/respectthreads* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/respectthreads/comments/2ofkot/respect_hawkman_new_52/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* the first human to set foot on mars is currently a freshman in high school who has no idea of their future place in history., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2ogppz/the_first_human_to_set_foot_on_mars_is_currently/)**  * cover your entire body in wedding rings to show women you're not afraid of commitment., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oh09y/cover_your_entire_body_in_wedding_rings_to_show/)**  * it is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. then the victory is yours. it cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell. buddha, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ofzq4/it_is_better_to_conquer_yourself_than_to_win_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
you will find out that i'm not one of you :( i don't own cds - in fact the first and last one i bought was alicia keys songs in a minor. **but** my super awesome brother in law (bil) collects and he needs some ideas for storage. well actually, i need some ideas because i'd like to fulfill that line on his christmas list.he has ~50 cds that he would like to store in their jewel cases. would a shelf be best? do you prefer the portability of a box? what products do you like for storage?i have taken a gander through the subreddit but couldn't find anything that answered my question. if there is a post i missed, kindly link to it and i'll apologize for wasting your time!thanks :)++$++20
i like ones where people are generally positive and offer constructive criticism.  thanks++$++28
i'm sure there's people here who frequent the site. i have been trying to register an account on this forum for about 2 months now, and every time i get a message that says "registration denied. we check new registrations against a database of known forum spammers. at this time, we are unable to contact this database to verify your registration. we are sorry for the inconvenience but please do try again later."it doesn't matter if i use another username or email address. its the same. i emailed the forum admin who just said they didn't know anything about it and its probably me. anybody who ahs experience this problem? should i just give up?++$++20
and i lose points like crazy. i average 6-6.3 per game by losing seemingly random points? am i doing something really wrong or is that normal?++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on sunday.  **report period:**   saturday, november 29, 2014 through friday, december 05, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adultswim** [[full report](/2oixrv)]   ---* [tis the season for handbanana.](/2obwes)  * [til creators of robot chicken, seth green and matt senreich, were working on a show called star wars detours until disney acquired lucasfilm animation and put it on hold. 39 episodes are already completed.](/2nr3go)  * [the history and background of space ghost. possibly the most in depth bio about the show i've read. (x-post /r/spaceghost)](/2nq8t2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/android** [[full report](/2oj4m1)]   ---* [since google can't make a decent list, let's make our own best apps of 2014](/2nvr4m)  * [swiftkey tech &amp;amp; collaboration roughly doubled the speed of stephen hawking's communication.](/2o9dcm)  * [samsung fires three execs over galaxy s5 failure](/2o5yrp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/atheism** [[full report](/2ojc4j)]   ---* [outraged over 'grand theft auto' ban, aussie gamers petition to ban the bible](/2ocvuw)  * [satanists want to use hobby lobby decision to exempt women from anti-abortion laws](/2nw557)  * [the cycle of pro life](/2o3uwa)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bacon** [[full report](/2oixm4)]   ---* [my husband told me he didn't want birthday cake. so i improvised.](/2odre2)  * [perfect duo](/2oa86h)  * [venison sliders w/ thick sliced bacon &amp;amp; homemade onion strings!](/2o5niw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/changemyview** [[full report](/2oj24z)]   ---* [cmv:affirmative action should be based on socioeconomic status rather than race.](/2nvkqg)  * [cmv: i believe the police should be divided into two forces, a patrol force equipped with non-lethal weaponry, and a response force equipped with lethal weaponry.](/2o3gkr)  * [cmv: the eric garner case shows a major problem in our justice system, and shows that we need a major overhaul of how we choose to indite.](/2o9h6l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/diy** [[full report](/2oj378)]   ---* [dryer vent related fires are very common, so i decided to do my own vent cleaning. i encourage you all to do this once per year.](/2nrcna)  * [old tv converted into seinfeld fish tank](/2o7uaa)  * [my dad and i fixed up his ~130 000 litre pond (or mini lake).](/2ocdvq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/earthporn** [[full report](/2oj5rb)]   ---* [the shadow of k2, projected into china across hundreds of miles. (chris b. warner) [3072x2304]](/2nw874)  * [a frozen waterfall in bariloche, patagonia, argentina [1500x996] photo by guillermo palavecino](/2o1kz2)  * [shitty weather + spontaneous rays of sunshine = perito moreno glacier transforms into magical rainbow glacier. [oc] [2947x1958]](/2o9lcj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gadgets** [[full report](/2oiyki)]   ---* [ipad sales slump twelve percent but android tablets soar](/2nsj1g)  * [raspberry pi rival unveiled by chipmaker imagination. $65, more powerful chip, wi-fi and bluetooth built in.](/2oafax)  * [apple patents active fall protection system that shifts iphones in midair](/2o2vvf)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/globalpowers** [[full report](/2oj0rk)]   ---* [[meta] i give you..... the world!](/2o4dmp)  * [[modpost] /u/hungrytacos has been picked as our new russia!](/2nutcs)  * [[conflict] china declares war on nzere](/2oc0ru)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladyboners** [[full report](/2oj1eu)]   ---* [man bun brock hurn morning coffee pic is better than coffee itself](/2o2f3a)  * [what is it about scottish men? sam heughan sounds as sexy as he looks.](/2nxx4i)  * [just watched 13 going on 30 for the billionth time.....mark ruffalo](/2nrzj7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/listentothis** [[full report](/2oj93o)]   ---* [fidlar -- cheap beer [punk/rock] (2012)](/2o5rot)  * [teddyloid ft daoko -- me!me!me! [electro / dubstep / drumnbass](2014) one of the coolest, weirdest, and possibly deepest music videos i've ever seen](/2oc5d0)  * [vulfpeck -- christmas in l.a. [funk] (2014) - [3:03]](/2o26xg)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mildlyinteresting** [[full report](/2ojb7g)]   ---* [the snails in my aquarium will eat every bit of a carrot except for its skin.](/2o2rlc)  * [circuitry inside a 50 year old television i'm taking apart. all done by hand.](/2od5e9)  * [a cloud with two very straight edges](/2nstdx)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/movies** [[full report](/2ojdou)]   ---* [the george lucas special edition trailer for 'the force awakens' - brilliant!](/2nttqq)  * [pixar, disney, lucasfilm, others involved in animation industry wage-fixing scandal. pixar president ed catmull: i dont apologize for this."](/2nvykc)  * [stand by me (then and now)](/2nzejz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/outoftheloop** [[full report](/2oj08q)]   ---* [what are "dank memes"?](/2o9da8)  * [whatever happened to the case where paypal ordered a precious violin destroyed?](/2o24qv)  * [why does everyone hate the star wars prequels?](/2nsxch)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/personalfinance** [[full report](/2oja1f)]   ---* [psa: free federal tax filing for incomes below $58k](/2nupzp)  * [what, in your opinion, is the best passive or semi-passive income?](/2o96e3)  * [what i learned during no spend november...](/2ny76y)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotesporn** [[full report](/2oiy9z)]   ---* ["i honestly don't know what to say." jon stewart [945x450] [oc]](/2o9fni)  * [when someone calls me ugly i go up to them, smile tenderly and hug them because i know life ain't easy when you have a seeing disability". - mario balotelli [485 x 381]](/2o5cgv)  * ["if you love only those who love you..." - jesus christ [600x701]](/2o116i)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stocks** [[full report](/2oiz0y)]   ---* [teens lose interest in abercrombie &amp;amp; fitch, results in q3 losses](/2o9dgp)  * [thrilling story on daytrading: the day i lost a sh*t-ton of money](/2nyiji)  * [have any penny stock companies ever prospered? when i say penny stocks, i don't mean $5 or less, i mean like fraction of a cent stock like .005. have any companies lile this ever become prosperous?](/2nrtxu)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theydidthemath** [[full report](/2oizih)]   ---* [[request] what would it take to make this gif work?](/2o9zju)  * [[request] in futurama, fry has a bank account with a balance of .93 cents in the year 2000. in the year 3000 he had 4.3 billon due to compound interest. what was the interest rate on the account?](/2nwfnm)  * [[math]the album sales equivalent of streams from original music sharing sites[x-post from /r/wearethemusicmakers]](/2o5x5o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/videos** [[full report](/2ojfoz)]   ---* [world's simplest electric train](/2nu68a)  * [worst product ever made: ring by logbar](/2ntr7e)  * [some painful mustache removal methods](/2nyebh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wanttobelieve** [[full report](/2oiy08)]   ---* [nasa worker claims there was a secret manned mission to mars in 1979](/2nxxr0)  * [psychologist says children with past-life memories exhibit ptsd symptoms](/2nxxt9)  * [dan aykroyd supporting the mufon kickstarter project](/2odrsr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/woahdude** [[full report](/2oj6w7)]   ---* [i stared at this for a lot longer than i care to admit. the interchange of i-295 near jacksonville](/2nsr4s)  * [volcano in ethiopia burns bright blue.](/2nugrl)  * [sunrise. on mars.](/2nra9f)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/writingprompts** [[full report](/2oj84i)]   ---* [[wp] you are a teenager with the ability to measure how "dangerous" people are on a scale from 1 to 10 just by looking at them. a normal child would be a 1, while a trained man with an assault rifle might be a 7. today, you notice the unassuming new kid at school measures a 10.](/2ns30z)  * [[wp] you die of suicide, and regain consciousness in a large movie theater. each seat is occupied by a version of you from a previous year of your life. then the film starts...](/2o3qf7)  * [[wp]: when you died you find out that souls are put up for auction for various religions to bid upon. when you are present on the block, a bidding war started that has not been seen in millennium and you do not know why every religion wants your soul.](/2nwfwq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i, i, i'm hunting  looking for a come up  this is fuckin awesome  so, nami fck me maybe++$++23
http://i.imgur.com/6zo7tp2.jpgthere is nothing to add to this except i love you buggy spare mi hand.  ps. sabo is harry potter.++$++23
so  i installed fedora today and wiping out windows 7, now i feel that it's impossible to install another game from steam or origin. there's a strange feeling that i'm receiving from this, like i've given up on gaming for good. i feel that this is the extreme measure and the only true test of stopgaming. if you can do this then you have passed the test but if you tell yourself "no, i need windows for windows sofwares" then you're making justifications for yourself. has anyone else taken this step? http://www.tecmint.com/big-companies-and-devices-running-on-gnulinux/++$++29
for the third year i attended a christmas party hosted by a religious group my in laws are a part of. my husband and i are atheists but he grew up in that community and they're not the shunning kind, so we're always welcome with open arms. this year there were a lot of new people and just about everyone came to say bye to my husband and i at the end of the night. every person who came to say bye complimented me, one even offered to write me a reference if i were to apply to a job in his (my previous) industry. it was so surreal. they told me they enjoyed me company, i was a great person, i was funny, smart and a lady even called me beautiful.i think the best part of it was that i didn't feel the need to deny those things about myself. i accepted the compliments and reveled in the fact that yes, i am pretty awesome. i can't believe my own parents spent my entire life trying to convince me otherwise. i don't understand how that could possibly benefit them. if i had kids, i would want them to be social, funny, smart. it makes me really happy that i am who i am *despite* my parents and not because of them.++$++20
i have a project for school that involves a sort of survey and needs answers from adults and children. i have posted to /r/samplesize but haven't gotten enough responses. the due date is rapidly approaching and i still need a decent amount of replies. the place doesn't have to be reddit, just needs to be some place that will get answers quickly. and before anyone may ask, the internet is a teacher approved asking place.++$++16
i had a low end desktop that could barely hit 50 fps on ultra low on a few games, that thing died and i have been computerless for 5 months. i now have a laptop my friend gave me which i am using until i can order the parts to my gaming rig.i'm open to really anything as i'm fairly bored but i would rather not play something like wow or lol, they're just not my style.specs if you would like to know.cpu - intel core 2 duo p7350 @ 2.00ghzram - 4.00 gbgraphics - ati mobility radeon hd 4500/5100 series++$++16
i never really watched him closely in the bpl, and from the biting, the racism and just generally hearing news, i just saw him as another power striker with a balotelli complex, and i hated him. i was devastated to hear that barcelona was signing him, thinking i couldn't handle watching my favorite club succeed with such a raging asshole contributing. but coming to barcelona, seeing him celebrate the success of *everybody* on the team regardless of whether he had a part in it or not (which he has contributed so much already to the club), he is quickly becoming one of my favorite players currently playing!++$++20
so if you guys aren't familiar with cs:go's fov settings, the maximum field of view you can have is 68 (viewmodel_fov 68). i really don't understand why it has to be capped at 68. i love seeing my gun in game and i don't see the problem of having and fov such as 100. so i went into a offline, used sv_cheats 1 and fov_cs_debug to alter the fov higher and took a couple of screenshots to let you guys have a look at the differences between various field of views.  **68 fov (current max):** http://i.imgur.com/v75cquj.jpg?1  **100 fov (my personal favorite):** http://i.imgur.com/3r1ctii.jpg?1  **110 fov:** http://i.imgur.com/zf37pdz.jpg?1  **120 fov (fucking crazy):** http://i.imgur.com/pe0jgim.jpg?1**full album (for those who quickly want to compare):** http://imgur.com/a/wvlny#0i know to some people high fov may not be their thing, but to many of my friends, including myself, we love playing on high fov because it looks great in our opinions. plus, you can see more of the map and you feel like you're running faster.  **please valve, give us more fov options, there's no reason it has to be capped at 68....**  edit: fixed some words and links.++$++14
it's been a tough few weeks anyway, but this has kinda just made me really sad and increased my dislike for humanity.i have a brother, he's 15. i'm 17. we used to have the same friends that we'd go out and play on the street with, or go to the park with. it was always so sweet - sure we'd bicker sometimes, but we were kids. what else did we know?there's one girl that used to play with us in the park. her name was charlie (changed her name because reasons). she was my brother's age, went to his primary school. charlie was always so happy, so bubbly and full of life. i enjoyed spending time with her and everyone else in the street, playing some made up game of 'shop' or whatever.we used to tease my brother saying that he had a crush on her. he'd get really worked up and claim that he didn't. he probably didn't like her in that way, seeing as though he was about 10, but they were really good friends. maybe even best friends.then they moved up to secondary school. people change and they became distant. they never fell out, just moved on to different parts of their life. it was nice seeing charlie around school and saying hi, not knowing how her life was other than the fact she was full of joy every time i saw her.then came this evening. browsing facebook, as you do, and i see a post with a picture of charlie and some of her friends, just as i remember her, with the caption "r.i.p charlie, an angel gone too soon". i was confused, so continued to scroll down my feed. more and more posts, pictures and videos of charlie and her friends, all mourning her.suicide. rumoured to be because of bullying. she's 15 years old. i grew up by her side. and some little shits in this world made her lose her future. she hasn't even left school yet. all the things in life people experience she'll never get chance to, all because some children are awful. it happened at school a year ago too. another girl in my brother's class. suicide because of bullying. sad, but i never knew her. i felt awful for her best friend, a girl who lived round the corner. why are so many young people getting so hurt and so pained by others that they have no will to go on? i fucking hate this world.i went downstairs to see my family and cried. my brother didn't quite acknowledge what had happened until it almost came to his bedtime. then he cracked. he's heartbroken, i could tell. charlie was in his primary school class, in his classes throughout secondary. who knows, he may have even fancied her at one point. a fraction of his short life has been stripped from him, and he's broken. i can't imagine how her friends are feeling right now.i just wanted to get this off my chest. i don't regret not seeing her recently and doing what we used to do. times have changed now. unfortunately, she's gone. the memories of our childhood will never be forgotten, because they were great. my condolences are with all her family and friends at such an awful time.r.i.p charlie.++$++17
i've been really struggling to run for 5 minutes as i just did w5d1 and mainly because i've still been eating like crap and i know it. but, it's the week with w5d3 coming up and i just wanted to know how you guys got ready for it and how you found the right pace. thanks!++$++16
so i'm trying to get my friend to watch monogatari with me but he is reluctant because he thinks "those type of shows" aren't long enough to establish well-developed characters.i told him it's like 66 episodes and he said it still want enough. he gave one piece as an example of a well written show and said more shows should ask to be like that...well obviously, that isn't possible. very little companies have the budget to make a series last 10+ years. actually, i said that one piece is a bad example because i think it takes *too long* to explain the back stories. i mean, if you can't get to the point in 100 episodes, what are you even trying to do? also, i think a lot of the characters have very tragic lives. it's not really anything new for an anime to have this formula.++$++17
hey coogs!  i'm looking to see if anyone knows anything about the global energy management curriculum.  anyone know anybody taking it or has taken it?  is it a good program?  what kind of jobs could be expected once the curriculum is completed?i know it's last week of classes but any info would be great.++$++31
in celebration of the feast of the immaculate conception, let's post our favorite icons of the virgin mary. i like to collect images of madonnas from different cultures and art styles; here's an album i will start with, i will add more later on.http://imgur.com/a/ww386the first statue is my favorite. it is a statue of the virgin with a dying soldier. it is located in a cathedral which is within the infantry officer school in colombia. i think it is such a beautiful image; that our mother is watching and praying for soldiers all over the world to god.  the second is a favorite painting of mine in japanese woodblock style. go++$++20
as the title says i want to work out more, but i can only get to the gym once a day usually after work. would doing cardio before my work (8am-11am) be a good idea?? 30-45 minutes of cardio in the morning, work, then lifting. would it be good? i ask because i seriously enjoy working out, and also im trying to lose weight faster and progress faster. thanks for the replies ahead of time!++$++18
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* american who helped craft ugandas kill the gays bill to be tried for crimes against humanity, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2ok1px/american_who_helped_craft_ugandas_kill_the_gays/)**  * old laptop batteries could power slums: an ibm study analysed a sample of discarded batteries and found 70% had enough power to keep an led light on more than four hours a day for a year, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ojsrx/old_laptop_batteries_could_power_slums_an_ibm/)**  * being a cop showed me just how racist and violent the police are. theres only one fix. - by redditt hudson, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ojxpr/being_a_cop_showed_me_just_how_racist_and_violent/)**  * "boy with autism wants mail for christmas, hundreds respond" can reddit help make it more?, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2okaco/boy_with_autism_wants_mail_for_christmas_hundreds/)**  * unarmed black man shot dead by police in phoenix mistaking pill bottle f..., *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2olrqp/unarmed_black_man_shot_dead_by_police_in_phoenix/)**  * google just admitted more than half of the ads it serves are never seen, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ojl90/google_just_admitted_more_than_half_of_the_ads_it/)**  * wide receiver seems to have easy touchdown. denied by ref, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ojj6q/wide_receiver_seems_to_have_easy_touchdown_denied/)**  * supreme court justice recites lyrics from eminem song in first amendment case, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2oleay/supreme_court_justice_recites_lyrics_from_eminem/)**  * judge: give nsa unlimited access to digital data: "i think privacy is actually overvalued.", *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2ojqms/judge_give_nsa_unlimited_access_to_digital_data_i/)**  * what is happening to 4chan's /pol/ board?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ojt1l/what_is_happening_to_4chans_pol_board/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about color balance of displays of your devices., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ok7xh/ysk_about_color_balance_of_displays_of_your/)**  * the length of a day on earth used to be three hours?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2ok0fc/the_length_of_a_day_on_earth_used_to_be_three/)**  * eli5: were the space shuttles really so bad that its easier to start from scratch and de-evolve back to capsule designs again rather than just fix them?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2oj6zp/eli5_were_the_space_shuttles_really_so_bad_that/)**  * til 3 men from yemen tried to sue nasa for invading mars, claiming they had inherited it from their ancestors 3,000 years ago., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ojvg7/til_3_men_from_yemen_tried_to_sue_nasa_for/)**  * as requested, the most viewed non-music youtube videos (along with reddit's favorites) [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2oizd6/as_requested_the_most_viewed_nonmusic_youtube/)**  * how to transform bullets into earphones, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ojvx9/how_to_transform_bullets_into_earphones/)**  * why are penises not proportional to the rest of people's bodies (height mostly) like most other body parts are?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2oj8t6/why_are_penises_not_proportional_to_the_rest_of/)**  * lightning strike in slow motion., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2okzkn/lightning_strike_in_slow_motion/)**  * karakul sheep have evolved the ability to store fat in their tails when food is scarce in order to survive tough conditions., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ojq7y/karakul_sheep_have_evolved_the_ability_to_store/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: save powerpoint presentations with .pps/.ppsx extension instead of .ppt/.pptx to open the presentation directly as a slide show., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ok58q/lpt_save_powerpoint_presentations_with_ppsppsx/)**  * how fast can you lose muscle?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ojyru/how_fast_can_you_lose_muscle/)**  * [image] i already know..., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ojzqe/image_i_already_know/)**  * foot soak? don't use a bucket., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2oiuf1/foot_soak_dont_use_a_bucket/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* california's drought is the worst in 1,200 years, evidence suggests, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2oj1z2/californias_drought_is_the_worst_in_1200_years/)**  * the assassin bug wears its victims corpses as armor, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ojl4k/the_assassin_bug_wears_its_victims_corpses_as/)**  * this week in spaceflight, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ok9ro/this_week_in_spaceflight/)**  * 45-year physics mystery shows a path to quantum transistors, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ojbag/45year_physics_mystery_shows_a_path_to_quantum/)**  * the angels in "its a wonderful life" are based on stephan's quintet, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2oisl3/the_angels_in_its_a_wonderful_life_are_based_on/)**  * this week in science: the hottest year on the planet, a vaccine for lyme's disease, sprayable solar power cells, and more!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ojs99/this_week_in_science_the_hottest_year_on_the/)**  * where do people consume the most and least calories: 2006-08 [1796898] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2ojngv/where_do_people_consume_the_most_and_least/)**  * programmers: please don't ever say this to beginners ..., *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2oldex/programmers_please_dont_ever_say_this_to_beginners/)**  * linux 3.18 released, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2olk37/linux_318_released/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is a life tip you picked up from a video game?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ojnug/what_is_a_life_tip_you_picked_up_from_a_video_game/)**  * hi, i'm cycling around the world. so far 19000 miles and 4 years on the road. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ojt00/hi_im_cycling_around_the_world_so_far_19000_miles/)**  * 29 year old mexican living as expat in berlin. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ojpvf/29_year_old_mexican_living_as_expat_in_berlin_ama/)**  * breast feeding pops up in /r/childfree, user equates it to shitting in public., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2oiwdw/breast_feeding_pops_up_in_rchildfree_user_equates/)**  * u/joycecaroloatmeal explains how the book series twilight changed their life., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2olsko/ujoycecaroloatmeal_explains_how_the_book_series/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ojkke) /r/kitchenconfidential, /r/redditgetsdrawn, /r/100yearsago, /r/redditdata, /r/surprisegifts  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* welcome to union glacier (2013) - fantastic antartica documentary. like a real life wes anderson movie - [53:51], *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2oix6l/welcome_to_union_glacier_2013_fantastic_antartica/)**  * x-men: days of futures past (2014) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ok60t/xmen_days_of_futures_past_2014_720p/)**  * the track listing of dawn of the planet of the apes is filled with ape puns., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ojky1/the_track_listing_of_dawn_of_the_planet_of_the/)**  * alice in chains - mtv unplugged (full) [alternative/grunge], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2okb1b/alice_in_chains_mtv_unplugged_full/)**  * the devil makes three -- do wrong right [americana] (2009), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ok75n/the_devil_makes_three_do_wrong_right_americana/)**  * fractal tree, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oje4f/fractal_tree/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* this is my friends cat eating dinner, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2oiw0e/this_is_my_friends_cat_eating_dinner/)**  * [oc] this was the view 100 steps from my front door during the week i spent in hamny, norway. on the last night, mother nature put on an amazing show. [2048x1341], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2okeyt/oc_this_was_the_view_100_steps_from_my_front_door/)**  * polished meteorite sphere, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ojmvo/polished_meteorite_sphere/)**  * the united launch alliance delta iv heavy rocket, with nasas orion spacecraft mounted atop, lifts off from cape canaveral air force station's space launch complex 37 at at 7:05 a.m. est, friday, dec. 5, 2014, in florida. [3255x4127], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2oklm3/the_united_launch_alliance_delta_iv_heavy_rocket/)**  * sunset over christchurch, new zealand [5248  3936], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2ojh8b/sunset_over_christchurch_new_zealand_5248_3936/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* how has nlhe strategy changed over the last 5 - 10 years?, *from /r/poker* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/poker/comments/2ojlig/how_has_nlhe_strategy_changed_over_the_last_5_10/)**  * [spoiler] guys, this is not okay, *from /r/regularshow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/regularshow/comments/2ok4qj/spoiler_guys_this_is_not_okay/)**  * what if you're soviet russia. how would you win the cold war?, *from /r/historicalwhatif* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/historicalwhatif/comments/2ojf29/what_if_youre_soviet_russia_how_would_you_win_the/)**  * list of unidentified murder victims in the united states, *from /r/wikipedia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia/comments/2ok2h3/list_of_unidentified_murder_victims_in_the_united/)**  * zusie - my relay computer, *from /r/electronics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/2ojtwn/zusie_my_relay_computer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* whoever named the sweater was wearing that shit in the summer like an idiot., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2ojwhw/whoever_named_the_sweater_was_wearing_that_shit/)**  * make a sitcom where all the character names are the actors names switched around so they have to fight answering to their own names., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2ojxp9/make_a_sitcom_where_all_the_character_names_are/)**  * "just remember there is someone out there that is more than happy with less than what you have.", *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ojxt0/just_remember_there_is_someone_out_there_that_is/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* american who helped craft ugandas kill the gays bill to be tried for crimes against humanity, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2ok1px/american_who_helped_craft_ugandas_kill_the_gays/)**  * old laptop batteries could power slums: an ibm study analysed a sample of discarded batteries and found 70% had enough power to keep an led light on more than four hours a day for a year, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ojsrx/old_laptop_batteries_could_power_slums_an_ibm/)**  * being a cop showed me just how racist and violent the police are. theres only one fix. - by redditt hudson, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ojxpr/being_a_cop_showed_me_just_how_racist_and_violent/)**  * "boy with autism wants mail for christmas, hundreds respond" can reddit help make it more?, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2okaco/boy_with_autism_wants_mail_for_christmas_hundreds/)**  * unarmed black man shot dead by police in phoenix mistaking pill bottle f..., *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2olrqp/unarmed_black_man_shot_dead_by_police_in_phoenix/)**  * google just admitted more than half of the ads it serves are never seen, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ojl90/google_just_admitted_more_than_half_of_the_ads_it/)**  * wide receiver seems to have easy touchdown. denied by ref, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ojj6q/wide_receiver_seems_to_have_easy_touchdown_denied/)**  * supreme court justice recites lyrics from eminem song in first amendment case, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2oleay/supreme_court_justice_recites_lyrics_from_eminem/)**  * judge: give nsa unlimited access to digital data: "i think privacy is actually overvalued.", *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2ojqms/judge_give_nsa_unlimited_access_to_digital_data_i/)**  * what is happening to 4chan's /pol/ board?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ojt1l/what_is_happening_to_4chans_pol_board/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about color balance of displays of your devices., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ok7xh/ysk_about_color_balance_of_displays_of_your/)**  * the length of a day on earth used to be three hours?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2ok0fc/the_length_of_a_day_on_earth_used_to_be_three/)**  * eli5: were the space shuttles really so bad that its easier to start from scratch and de-evolve back to capsule designs again rather than just fix them?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2oj6zp/eli5_were_the_space_shuttles_really_so_bad_that/)**  * til 3 men from yemen tried to sue nasa for invading mars, claiming they had inherited it from their ancestors 3,000 years ago., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ojvg7/til_3_men_from_yemen_tried_to_sue_nasa_for/)**  * as requested, the most viewed non-music youtube videos (along with reddit's favorites) [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2oizd6/as_requested_the_most_viewed_nonmusic_youtube/)**  * how to transform bullets into earphones, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ojvx9/how_to_transform_bullets_into_earphones/)**  * why are penises not proportional to the rest of people's bodies (height mostly) like most other body parts are?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2oj8t6/why_are_penises_not_proportional_to_the_rest_of/)**  * lightning strike in slow motion., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2okzkn/lightning_strike_in_slow_motion/)**  * karakul sheep have evolved the ability to store fat in their tails when food is scarce in order to survive tough conditions., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ojq7y/karakul_sheep_have_evolved_the_ability_to_store/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: save powerpoint presentations with .pps/.ppsx extension instead of .ppt/.pptx to open the presentation directly as a slide show., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ok58q/lpt_save_powerpoint_presentations_with_ppsppsx/)**  * how fast can you lose muscle?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ojyru/how_fast_can_you_lose_muscle/)**  * [image] i already know..., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ojzqe/image_i_already_know/)**  * foot soak? don't use a bucket., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2oiuf1/foot_soak_dont_use_a_bucket/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* california's drought is the worst in 1,200 years, evidence suggests, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2oj1z2/californias_drought_is_the_worst_in_1200_years/)**  * the assassin bug wears its victims corpses as armor, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ojl4k/the_assassin_bug_wears_its_victims_corpses_as/)**  * this week in spaceflight, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ok9ro/this_week_in_spaceflight/)**  * 45-year physics mystery shows a path to quantum transistors, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ojbag/45year_physics_mystery_shows_a_path_to_quantum/)**  * the angels in "its a wonderful life" are based on stephan's quintet, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2oisl3/the_angels_in_its_a_wonderful_life_are_based_on/)**  * this week in science: the hottest year on the planet, a vaccine for lyme's disease, sprayable solar power cells, and more!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ojs99/this_week_in_science_the_hottest_year_on_the/)**  * where do people consume the most and least calories: 2006-08 [1796898] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2ojngv/where_do_people_consume_the_most_and_least/)**  * programmers: please don't ever say this to beginners ..., *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2oldex/programmers_please_dont_ever_say_this_to_beginners/)**  * linux 3.18 released, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2olk37/linux_318_released/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is a life tip you picked up from a video game?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ojnug/what_is_a_life_tip_you_picked_up_from_a_video_game/)**  * hi, i'm cycling around the world. so far 19000 miles and 4 years on the road. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ojt00/hi_im_cycling_around_the_world_so_far_19000_miles/)**  * 29 year old mexican living as expat in berlin. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ojpvf/29_year_old_mexican_living_as_expat_in_berlin_ama/)**  * breast feeding pops up in /r/childfree, user equates it to shitting in public., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2oiwdw/breast_feeding_pops_up_in_rchildfree_user_equates/)**  * u/joycecaroloatmeal explains how the book series twilight changed their life., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2olsko/ujoycecaroloatmeal_explains_how_the_book_series/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ojkke) /r/kitchenconfidential, /r/redditgetsdrawn, /r/100yearsago, /r/redditdata, /r/surprisegifts  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* welcome to union glacier (2013) - fantastic antartica documentary. like a real life wes anderson movie - [53:51], *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2oix6l/welcome_to_union_glacier_2013_fantastic_antartica/)**  * x-men: days of futures past (2014) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ok60t/xmen_days_of_futures_past_2014_720p/)**  * the track listing of dawn of the planet of the apes is filled with ape puns., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ojky1/the_track_listing_of_dawn_of_the_planet_of_the/)**  * alice in chains - mtv unplugged (full) [alternative/grunge], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2okb1b/alice_in_chains_mtv_unplugged_full/)**  * the devil makes three -- do wrong right [americana] (2009), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ok75n/the_devil_makes_three_do_wrong_right_americana/)**  * fractal tree, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oje4f/fractal_tree/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* this is my friends cat eating dinner, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2oiw0e/this_is_my_friends_cat_eating_dinner/)**  * [oc] this was the view 100 steps from my front door during the week i spent in hamny, norway. on the last night, mother nature put on an amazing show. [2048x1341], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2okeyt/oc_this_was_the_view_100_steps_from_my_front_door/)**  * polished meteorite sphere, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ojmvo/polished_meteorite_sphere/)**  * the united launch alliance delta iv heavy rocket, with nasas orion spacecraft mounted atop, lifts off from cape canaveral air force station's space launch complex 37 at at 7:05 a.m. est, friday, dec. 5, 2014, in florida. [3255x4127], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2oklm3/the_united_launch_alliance_delta_iv_heavy_rocket/)**  * sunset over christchurch, new zealand [5248  3936], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2ojh8b/sunset_over_christchurch_new_zealand_5248_3936/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* how has nlhe strategy changed over the last 5 - 10 years?, *from /r/poker* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/poker/comments/2ojlig/how_has_nlhe_strategy_changed_over_the_last_5_10/)**  * [spoiler] guys, this is not okay, *from /r/regularshow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/regularshow/comments/2ok4qj/spoiler_guys_this_is_not_okay/)**  * what if you're soviet russia. how would you win the cold war?, *from /r/historicalwhatif* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/historicalwhatif/comments/2ojf29/what_if_youre_soviet_russia_how_would_you_win_the/)**  * list of unidentified murder victims in the united states, *from /r/wikipedia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia/comments/2ok2h3/list_of_unidentified_murder_victims_in_the_united/)**  * zusie - my relay computer, *from /r/electronics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/2ojtwn/zusie_my_relay_computer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* whoever named the sweater was wearing that shit in the summer like an idiot., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2ojwhw/whoever_named_the_sweater_was_wearing_that_shit/)**  * make a sitcom where all the character names are the actors names switched around so they have to fight answering to their own names., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2ojxp9/make_a_sitcom_where_all_the_character_names_are/)**  * "just remember there is someone out there that is more than happy with less than what you have.", *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ojxt0/just_remember_there_is_someone_out_there_that_is/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
++$++20
i hope you lovely folks aren't tired of answering questions from people visiting goa. i'm goan but haven't been back for over a decade. my husband and i are headed there for the second and third week of january.if you don't like to party, what's there to do socially in goa for a young couple?does goa have good cannabis? is it safe to purchase?what is the general attitude towards goras/foreigners?where could i go to research my genealogy?++$++20
i'm hearing a lot about these price wars that opec is orchestrating as of late.  i heard something about how it's because opec is trying to put economic pressure on companies that use fracking techniques to get their oil.  is this out of environmental concern or is there something on their bottom line that i'm missing that benefits them as a result of them cutting their profit margins?  the petroleum industry is a confusing one.  oh, and since petroleum is traded in futures is this going to piss off a lot of investors?++$++21
so, i'm in a d&amp;d 3.5e game and it's actually pretty good. we're a group of pirates and in the 4(in-game) days, we basically got a ship, raided a merchant ship, and i recently lit our ballista on fire due to a crit-fail....and that was just in the first 10-hour session we had today.don't know about you guys, but 3.5(with the stormwrak expansion) is pretty cool.++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on monday.  **report period:**   sunday, november 30, 2014 through saturday, december 06, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askscience** [[full report](/2omhey)]   ---* [which is faster gravity or light?](/2nukm0)  * [how deep would an ocean have to be until the water at the bottom became a solid?](/2oftz8)  * [why are celsius and fahrenheit measured in degrees while kelvin is its own unit?](/2oczz9)  * [what determines the altitude "sweet spot" that long distance planes fly at?](/2o98w3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asksciencefiction** [[full report](/2omdrb)]   ---* [[star wars] why does that guy who vader chokes call the force "that ancient religion". wasn't it in large practice like 16 years ago?](/2o2qc4)  * [[dragonball z] wouldn't vegeta, the prince of all saiyans, at some point want to wish back all of the saiyans and/or planet vegeta so he could rule over more than just five saiyans?](/2nwbcd)  * [[star wars] is the new lightsaber design on average more or less advantageous in combat?](/2nucrk)  * [[star wars eu]who is the most powerful force user to ever live, bar none?](/2o9js8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astronomy** [[full report](/2ombyo)]   ---* [a peek at the universe.](/2o3qel)  * [moonset, milky way and the iss flying over](/2nskof)  * [how big do planets appear as seen from each other](/2nzui1)  * [my first telescope came in the mail today! celestron nexstar 5se.](/2obrb9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bitcoin** [[full report](/2omik9)]   ---* [the people don't know their true power.](/2nx5dt)  * [dear current financial system, lol.](/2o3n75)  * [introducing /u/sendgame, a bot that lets you send steam games to anyone on reddit. powered by bitcoin](/2ntxjp)  * [mastercard: "why does somebody need to be anonymous?" do you mean, "why would somebody hide their purchasing data from us so we can't sell it to advertisers?"](/2off3j)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/books** [[full report](/2omjls)]   ---* [findings from scholastic's kids and family reading report: 73% of kids ages 6-17 say they would read more books if they could find more books they like](/2o9ucy)  * [j.k. rowling will release 12 harry potter short stories this month](/2ogwqa)  * [prison book ban ruled unlawful](/2od1zu)  * [jaw-dropping redesigns of the harry potter books](/2o6b2x)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cfb** [[full report](/2omlp8)]   ---* [nebraska football player gets out of car to take selfie with raccoonit bites him, he kills it with a wrench, and now he possibly has rabies](/2odfec)  * [did you know? the first win in fsu's current 28-game winning streak came against georgia tech in the 2012 acc championship game. we brought fsu into this world, it's about time we took them out of it.](/2nz11f)  * [bo pelini fired from nebraska](/2nulkw)  * [acc teams go 4-0 against their sec rivals today.](/2nsty7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiratard** [[full report](/2omchk)]   ---* [slow-witted conspiracy theorist convinced government behind nasa | the onion](/2o9rtx)  * [isis has a plan to kill 90% of americans by 2016. oh no!](/2o1srp)  * [someone who lives near newtown posts the sandy hook video on his facebook. it goes exactly how you would expect.](/2o7h2j)  * [science-hating homeschool mom sued for defamation in ongoing library porn flap](/2ntq8c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/flipping** [[full report](/2omd1r)]   ---* [i spent $0.25 on each of these four items...lets just say i'm pretty happy with my very first flip!](/2nv9dt)  * [hey folks! thought i would share my latest project. picked up for $25, listing for sale later this week.](/2o9n5l)  * [made it!--and a thank you](/2o2qy0)  * [get the square and offer to accept credit cards in your local listings. sales on craigslist are up 400% for me!](/2od6sq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/geek** [[full report](/2ombke)]   ---* [the fcc is not addressing home data caps because "the number of consumer complaints regarding usage based pricing by fixed providers appears to be small". go increase the number! link in comments.](/2o5hlf)  * [got bored during pl/sql training.](/2oepp9)  * [update and resolution to the ticket i received on saturday.](/2nxlsi)  * [congress quietly decides to delete key nsa reform in cromnibus agreement | techdirt](/2o9dq3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/getmotivated** [[full report](/2omfmv)]   ---* [[image] keep at it. (xpost r/motivation)](/2ohii0)  * [[image] too close to home. i'm dodging bullets in my living room.](/2o2ega)  * [[image] i find this poem by bo burnham oddly motivational.](/2o65vh)  * [[video] my professor sent this for finals week, labeled "my favorite motivational youtube video."](/2o8xpu)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/investing** [[full report](/2omeqc)]   ---* [obama is providing $263m for police body cameras...](/2nysiy)  * [thrilling story on daytrading: "the day i lost a sh*t-ton of money"](/2o1rgu)  * [hey /r/investing, we're creating a $10,000 reddit fund for charity. vote on the stocks and we'll buy!](/2ob19h)  * [uber valued at $40bn. would you be a buyer / seller at this price, if it was on the stock market?](/2oda22)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/news** [[full report](/2omo6y)]   ---* [obama calls for police to wear body cameras as part of $263m reform package](/2nyqk1)  * [texas files "pop tart gun" bill, that would prohibit schools from punishing students who use their hands, playthings and even pastry items to mimic firearms.](/2o7ccc)  * [anonymous has released a video featuring what appear to be chicago police radio transmissions revealing police wiretapping of organizers' phones at the protests last night.](/2ofby2)  * [cop cleared in eric garner chokehold death](/2o6j58)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/physics** [[full report](/2omabm)]   ---* [physicist ashton carter to be nominated as next secretary of defense](/2o2xgu)  * [wanderers - a fantastic short film by erik wernquist with edited nasa images and narration by carl sagan](/2nxfcg)  * [quantum complexity inside black holes | leonard susskind](/2ohgd3)  * [thousands of einstein documents are now a click away](/2odo54)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pics** [[full report](/2omqmh)]   ---* [amsterdam health warning to tourists. you will not be arrested for using drugs in amsterdam](/2nvf1c)  * [got stuck in houston traffic today on tx-8 because of a downed power line. had my drone with me so...](/2oa869)  * [i work in a bar owned by a lord and lady who live in a castle on an island you can only walk to at low tide](/2oepyd)  * [a picture my brothers and i took over the weekend using a gopro attached to a weather balloon.](/2o45w8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pinkfloyd** [[full report](/2omap1)]   ---* [my girlfriend took this on the plane while she was listening to the endless river.](/2ny64t)  * [my new pf-inspired longboard! (xpost r/longboarding)](/2nv2s2)  * [david and roger, circa 1976.](/2odmvf)  * [not quite as impressive as other collections i've seen, but i don't think its half bad for being 20.](/2o35i9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitrconservativesays** [[full report](/2oma0b)]   ---* [today's /r/conservative front page. are you fucking kidding me? every single post is basically "fuck black people"](/2nylks)  * ['why do all black people think being a parasite is a good thing?' thread title is icing on the cake.](/2o2f1j)  * ["i wouldn't recommend mugging me. with my ccl &amp;amp; s&amp;amp;w m&amp;amp;m 9mm loaded with ballistic hollow points, i can fight pover[t]y in this country one mugger at a time." baldylox fantasizes about violence yet again.](/2nvlvb)  * [why is it 'conservative' to be transphobic?](/2o6agb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/tech** [[full report](/2omc6e)]   ---* [how the nsa hacks cellphone networks worldwide](/2o9c32)  * [two ssds survive after more than 2 petabytes of write tests](/2ogvgl)  * [why 361 needles are better than one](/2oghy9)  * [google glass isnt dead; intel-powered hardware reportedly due in 2015](/2o22a5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/truereddit** [[full report](/2omgan)]   ---* [abusing chickens we eat: "torture a single chicken and you risk arrest. abuse hundreds of thousands of chickens for their entire lives? thats agribusiness."](/2o9mxk)  * [a burger joint in detroit pays $15 an hour. and, yes, it's making money](/2odddz)  * [how 4 mexican immigrant kids and their cheap robot beat mit.](/2o1jmc)  * ["the economic lives of the poor" - it's academic and a bit dry but it's one of the most thought-provoking and informative articles i've ever read. this famous study explains how "extremely poor" people of the world (less than $1 a day) live: what they buy, what constraints and challenges they face](/2o57bs)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/upliftingnews** [[full report](/2omb68)]   ---* [5-person family denied admittance to homeless shelter. police, after finding the family huddled in a car for warmth, then pay for them to stay in a hotel. hotel ends up comping the family, so the cops' money goes to pay for groceries.](/2o3yf3)  * [when 3 children became orphaned texan fotball player jj watt donated money to them and then befriended the 3 "i didn't want to be one of these guys who dropped in, and they never heard from me again,"](/2ocq6a)  * [a man donated a christmas gift 14 years ago not realizing he sent it to the woman he will marry](/2o99ad)  * [first boyfriend for susan boyle at age 53](/2ny9pi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldcup** [[full report](/2omduj)]   ---* [putin allegedly gave platini a picasso in exchange for the world cup.](/2nvfzt)  * [report: sony ends world cup sponsorship amid bidding process concerns](/2nsk6d)  * [christmas came early this year.](/2o67zb)  * [24 nations taking part in the womens world cup 2015 have been finalised](/2odrau)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i'm looking to move to canada from the uk to attend u of t studying computer science, however, i'm definitely gonna need help financially. from what i've seen uoft only really offer scholarships and although i'm determined and a hardworker, am i going to beat out other people going for a scholarship? probably not.are there any third party student loan companies that i can use or any other institutions which will help with tuition/housing.++$++20
hi,i am isuru from sri lanka after [this reddit discussion](http://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/2o55g3/help_me_to_get_in_to_ffxiv/) i have ordered **realm reborn** from playasia. but it will take 2-3 weeks to receive. until then now i am try to find best class suite for me after doing lot of goggling lot of people saying archer is the best. but i like to become black mag like vivi. after reading more i found that to become black mag you need thaumaturge 30lv and archer 15lv.* is archer is the easiest class?* is thaumaturge is hard for beginner who havent played any mmo.* can i change my class in level one. if so then i can create my character as thaumaturge and change the class to archer just within few minutes then my problem is sorted outplease help me out ..++$++30
so i just got dvr and i desperately want all of the episodes on there so i can rewatch the whole season without having to wait until next october when it's on dvd. unfortunately, i'll only have this coming episode and the ones after. will fx ever do a marathon or something where they re-air all of the episodes?++$++19
so i guess ryan murphy is working on a new show called "american crime story." and the first season will be a ten episode season called "the people vs. o.j. simpson." what do you guys think of this? what does this mean for american horror story? hopefully murphy is able to do the crime story while still doing ahs because i know none of us want to see the show go.++$++19
if this type of thread is not allowed, please let me know and i will remove it. i really like orthodox "music" and have been lucky to find and listen to chants ranging from the byzantine to russian to coptic to english. one language i ahve not been able to find an album of chant for though is japanese, which surprises me, because within christians in japan, orthodoxy is pretty big (catholicism and orthodoxy are about equal in number there).  this might be a long shot, but maybe there is someone here who can point in the right direction, maybe give me the correct terms to search for in japanese to find some liturgical music in japanese.thank you!++$++20
i'll be back to update!++$++20
http://i.imgur.com/dstumx9.jpgi can't figure it out but it works like conquare haki.++$++23
i don't mean some brutal workout nonstop, i mean like 15 minutes of cardio, some stretching and 45 minutes of lifting weights. can this damage my health in any way, or is it beneficial?++$++18
as the title states. give me a quick message or pm and we can go from there!34 male from canada++$++30
i am losing my mind over here! past month after i replaced old dell motherboard with new motherboard. my xps still have 1k watts psu so i didn't need to buy new psu. i switched from intel cpu core 2 duo to amd fx-6300 unlocked. gotten rid of old 4gb ram sticks and put a new stick of 8gb ram. got rid of old video card, gtx 250 and put new gpu, gtx 650. re-installed windows 7 os. put all disk that came in with parts then went to website to update all drivers and etc. had to re-download all games. played few games with no issue. turned off a pc for a night then turned back on in morning. tried to play final fantasy xiv arr and it started to shuttering and tearing screen. i figured it was video card so i uninstall and installed older driver and restarted pc. it got smooth again. i wondered if the driver i installed was bad and thought it fixed for good. turned off pc for a night then turned back on in morning. it came back. i got confused and wondered why it keep happening. i went uninstall and installed more older driver for video card. restarted pc. it got smooth back again. then later turned off pc for a night. (usually always turn off pc before i went go bed). same thing happen in morning. i searched and talked with my friends to help me with pc issue. finally they asked to check if i have any programs that is bad and norton was among them. boom. uninstalled it and it fixed issue! /thought it would fix for good. turned off pc at night and on in morning. it came back! i was really pissed off at point. i bought new video card which is upgrade from my gpu gtx 650. new gpu is amd radeon 270x. it does same thing as old video card. i begun to lose my mind. i spent over $400 on upgrade that came with bullshit shuttering and screen tearing! then a friend suggested me to try control cores in task manger for games. so i did and boom, it helped. i thought i would have to do it every time. turned off pc last night and turned on this morning and guess what? it came back! this time, install drivers, control cores and shit cannot fix now. i am stuck with shuttering now. nothing i can do to fix it. so i am really lost and no idea what to do. now i know gpu is not issue. so please help! before i lose my mind completely. i am still scared to reinstall os again. /my pc spec is motherboard: asrock 980de3/u3s3gpu: gigabyte radeon r9 270xcpu: amd fx(tm)-6300 six core overclockingsingle 8gb ram stick. lg flatron ew224 1920x1080 60hzos: windows 7 64 bit/edit: someone suggested me to reset cmos and wipe hdd and install os. i did all of that and installed and updated drivers. installed mse and ad block. now installing skyrim. hoping for best. date: 12/8/2014 4:56pm++$++21
i am losing my mind over here! past month after i replaced old dell motherboard with new motherboard. my xps still have 1k watts psu so i didn't need to buy new psu. i switched from intel cpu core 2 duo to amd fx-6300 unlocked. gotten rid of old 4gb ram sticks and put a new stick of 8gb ram. got rid of old video card, gtx 250 and put new gpu, gtx 650. re-installed windows 7 os. put all disk that came in with parts then went to website to update all drivers and etc. had to re-download all games. played few games with no issue. turned off a pc for a night then turned back on in morning. tried to play final fantasy xiv arr and it started to shuttering and tearing screen. i figured it was video card so i uninstall and installed older driver and restarted pc. it got smooth again. i wondered if the driver i installed was bad and thought it fixed for good. turned off pc for a night then turned back on in morning. it came back. i got confused and wondered why it keep happening. i went uninstall and installed more older driver for video card. restarted pc. it got smooth back again. then later turned off pc for a night. (usually always turn off pc before i went go bed). same thing happen in morning. i searched and talked with my friends to help me with pc issue. finally they asked to check if i have any programs that is bad and norton was among them. boom. uninstalled it and it fixed issue! /thought it would fix for good. turned off pc at night and on in morning. it came back! i was really pissed off at point. i bought new video card which is upgrade from my gpu gtx 650. new gpu is amd radeon 270x. it does same thing as old video card. i begun to lose my mind. i spent over $400 on upgrade that came with bullshit shuttering and screen tearing! then a friend suggested me to try control cores in task manger for games. so i did and boom, it helped. i thought i would have to do it every time. turned off pc last night and turned on this morning and guess what? it came back! this time, install drivers, control cores and shit cannot fix now. i am stuck with shuttering now. nothing i can do to fix it. so i am really lost and no idea what to do. now i know gpu is not issue. so please help! before i lose my mind completely. i am still scared to reinstall os again./my pc spec is motherboard: asrock 980de3/u3s3gpu: gigabyte radeon r9 270xcpu: amd fx(tm)-6300 six core overclockingsingle 8gb ram stick. lg flatron ew224 1920x1080 60hzos: windows 7 64 bit++$++21
show time is at 8 at the center stage theatre in downtown. exam week got in the way and i'd rather give them away for free and let someone experience these great bands than the tickets be wasted. pm me if interested.++$++20
i decided to ask 2 questions no matter how silly they might be because i'd rather be stupid for 5 minutes than forever (for those who get the reference).i realize that everything can improve my willpower, from going for my morning run to meditate for 10 minutes or take a cold shower etc. i do not believe, however that all activities, taken strictly in their ability to reinforce and strengthen willpower, are equally worthy.for example, consider a person who's obese and wants to lose weight and also wants to learn french. 2 different activities. one will ask which of the 2 is more draining to his willpower at x time and this might shift to either keeping himself away from chocolate or making himself open a book, at intervals. but is there some correlation between the activity you're actively keep yourself away from doing and the long-term impact that gives to your willpower? if there is, would it be beneficial to maximize our "willpower gains" to focus on keeping ourselves away from the temptation of chocolate or slacking?of course, there's an assumption in that question. the assumption is that willpower behaves like a muscle and that in the long term the person who exercises willpower now and keeps exercising it for a good while will be strong enough to "lift" the mental weight of avoiding chocolate easier than before. but is there some truth to this claim or people merely keep themselves away until they forget how, in this particular example, chocolate tastes like?edit: to give another example: supposedly i decided to quit fapping to porn for one reason or another. i could effectively use a third party program to block porn sites, keep myself away from watching suggestive shows on tv and ads and all trigger images. for the sake of the argument, let's say that i manage to handle this for 3 months. the only triggers that i faced for the last 90 days came purely from subconscious behavioral impulses, since in my scenario all external causes were isolated before they reach me. can i claim with confidence that i have the same amount of willpower when compared to someone who didn't managed to isolate himself from trigger images, tv shows etc. and yet he reached the same 3 months goal without fapping to porn?*edit 2:* apparently someone on /r/askscience posted roughly what i was looking for [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/z5z21/can_the_amount_of_willpowerdetermination_a_human/c61t74s) but from what he said it's only implied that through "lifting" with your willpower you'll increase its strength at a later date.edit 3: i've also asked this on /r/askscience [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2oqqtj/can_you_deliberately_train_to_increase_your/).++$++33
i keep getting told that people who are better looking or attractive seem to talk to woman better than someone who is not attractive. i have been told that i am attractive and sometimes "hot" by some woman but i still have a hard time approaching woman because of the "what ifs" but anyway sometimes i doubt if i am attractive...or if i am just fooling myself.++$++19
went to a ford dealership this past saturday and told them i was interested in a vehicle and this coming monday which is today that i wanted to take it for an overnight test drive. manager told me that they would take care of me once monday came around. showed up today and the sales man says the only way to do this is to negotiate the price today and run my credit. he said it's company policy to do this. i didn't talk to a manager and i just got up and left. i'm interested in the car but i'm just curious to this decision. any thoughts?edit: i didnt test drive the car on saturday because i had to go to work. i just swung by before work because i had seen the car advertised online.++$++31
can anyone give me some information about taking classes through world campus? i'm thinking about taking some classes online over the summer, between being at a branch campus and moving to upark. i'm also wondering how exactly you go about registering to take classes through world campus - i'm planning to talk to my adviser about it closer to the summer, but i'd love to have a primer about the whole process. thanks so much!++$++19
i have a 61% in biochemistry. if i fail, this will be the third class i've failed for my major. the take home tests killed my grade and brought it down from a c to a failing d.i seriously don't know what to do. i've invested a lot of time and money in college. i don't want to have to give up now. i wasn't too be a doctor some day but i'm concerned it won't happen because of these chemistry courses.++$++17
so, i think i might need to go nc with my family for a while. the big thing is that i don't know how to do it while still living under their roof. i'm sure most of you remember me from my last thread about getting locked out of my laptop by my nmom. well, it looks like she got back in because i forgot to get rid of the registry stuff. so, how do i go nc with family i'm stuck in the same house as?++$++20
took 3 biggest hits i could, tried taking a fourth but i was like "nah bro i'm gone".  i tripped like holy fucking woohoo.i can't explains what i felt saw or heard, those things never existed to me. after the trip adrenaline was pumped into my system and just had a mad fucking rush. 10/10 would do again.so happy to have taken it at last.it taste like lighter fluid btw holy shit ++$++20
the title sounds kind of weird; makes it sound like i'm saying sex is a sin. i wanted to discuss this if possible. obviously different christians have different views on things and some are more "liberal" than others. i think almost all christians will agree though that sexual sin is a thing and is something to keep in check. now, most christians will classify sexual sin as the obvious stuff: adultery, premarital sex, incest, rape/molestation, masturbation etc.some are also specific about what kind of consensual sex is allowed, without getting into detail (that's not the point of the thread), some that this sexual act or that sexual act is not allowed; and others will disagree. one example is the use of contraception. now the point of this thread is as follows, as i said most christians agree that sexual sin is a thing and needs to be watched out for; but there seems to also be a problem maybe as *serious* as those who masturbate or have premarital sex etc. and that is the *obsession* with sexual sin and modesty. this seems to be especially prevalent in catholicism (in my experience). yes, any christian will usually agree that walking around half naked is not appropriate etc; but most are able to see a bikini model in a women's clothes catalog without making a huge deal out of it. some though, are unable and some even obsess. i'm talking about those people whose time and focus seems to revolve around denouncing anything remotely unchaste, and also seems to be particularly preoccupied with lgbt issues and modesty in general. a certain forum user i know is a prime example; checking their post history revelas that around 80 % of their posts are talking something about avoiding this and that to prevent falling into sin; or that this is too lascivious, or that is too impure etc. they also seem to think that a woman not covering their head for example and dressing certain ways in mass is wrong. they're also always talking about lgbt and incest themes in the media (he ravaged the game of thrones thread lol) i can't view such behavior as osmething other than obsessive and unhealthy. it almost seems as if they obsess and think more about sex than even someone who has a habit for pornography or the like. i think we get the idea now. and this behavior can be with anything. some obsess with greed and refuse to save any money or buy things that the don't need to survive because they think it is too greedy (some will view this as a vow of poverty). or will denounce when they hear someone say "oh my god" or "holy crap" etc because they think it is terribly offensive to god. what do people think of this behavior? do you view it as going too far and becoming unhealthy, maybe sinful itself; or do you view it as dedicated examples of adherence to christian morals?++$++20
++$++20
hello,i've had a low libido ever since i had a massive breakup and meltdown at university. it's been a long while since then, and the libido has had no signs of recovery and it's getting really annoying. i've always been a really horny guy and have always liked girls.i've been over my ex for a very long time now and am quite content where i am in life. i'm almost done with my degree and live at home now. for some reason, i've been extremely irritable and feel kind of sluggish. one might say i have depression, but i tried tons of different medications and even tried ect to no avail - in fact, going on and off meds made things way worse (gave them fair trials and tried even the maois). they just made me blunted, irritable, tired, or anxious depending on the drug. i've been off all meds for over 8 months.any advice? tips for recovery? hope? coping tips? success stories?++$++22
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* illinois general assembly passes bill to ban citizens from recording police, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2ooscv/illinois_general_assembly_passes_bill_to_ban/)**  * mass surveillance exposed by snowden not justified by fight against terrorism - report by nils muinieks, commissioner for human rights at the council of europe, says secret, massive and indiscriminate intelligence work is contrary to rule of law, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2onbr9/mass_surveillance_exposed_by_snowden_not/)**  * grumpy cat has earned her owner nearly $100 million in just 2 years, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2onzx5/grumpy_cat_has_earned_her_owner_nearly_100/)**  * new zealand man proposes using a huge humorous billboard., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2omt0m/new_zealand_man_proposes_using_a_huge_humorous/)**  * release of six detainees after twelve years highlights the historic evil of guantnamo, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2om6sh/release_of_six_detainees_after_twelve_years/)**  * the rise of adblock reveals a serious problem in the advertising ecosystem: seeing a threat to their ecosystem, french publishers follow their german colleagues and prepare to sue startup eyeo gmbh, the creator of anti-advertising software adblock plus, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2onzh8/the_rise_of_adblock_reveals_a_serious_problem_in/)**  * kemba walker tells jose calderon to get that trash out of here., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2onvxu/kemba_walker_tells_jose_calderon_to_get_that/)**  * in today's washington post, a public defender outlines how any lawyer who was actually trying could have gotten an indictment of darren wilson and daniel pantaleo., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ony0s/in_todays_washington_post_a_public_defender/)**  * judges rule that uk spying doesn't violate human rights, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2omrno/judges_rule_that_uk_spying_doesnt_violate_human/)**  * what's up with all the fanart with the clevage sweaters on pixiv?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2onvrk/whats_up_with_all_the_fanart_with_the_clevage/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk how to clean your house throughout the 4 season. each season requires different maintenance and it could potentially save a lot of time and money., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ontk1/ysk_how_to_clean_your_house_throughout_the_4/)**  * if i wounded my palm and made a circle of exposed tissue and did the same to some other part of my body and stuck my palm there -- both circular wounds overlapping -- when they heal, would such parts fuse together?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2omsuq/if_i_wounded_my_palm_and_made_a_circle_of_exposed/)**  * eli5: (michelin stars) why do we care what a tire company thinks about restaurants?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2onehv/eli5_michelin_stars_why_do_we_care_what_a_tire/)**  * til that students who have been in dare classes are more likely to use drugs than their non-dare peers, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2oock4/til_that_students_who_have_been_in_dare_classes/)**  * all scores from imdb - score vs. vote count [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2onr5l/all_scores_from_imdb_score_vs_vote_count_oc/)**  * how to bake a protein carrot cake, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2on39e/how_to_bake_a_protein_carrot_cake/)**  * has anyone been experiencing a slow reddit?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2om5wg/has_anyone_been_experiencing_a_slow_reddit/)**  * a mentawai woman with sharpened teeth. reportedly they do so with their teeth in order to mimic those of a shark., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2onnsf/a_mentawai_woman_with_sharpened_teeth_reportedly/)**  * elephants are ecological engineers, which mean they can modify their environment and affect many species living there (both in good ways and sometime bad ways), *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ontmq/elephants_are_ecological_engineers_which_mean/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: stop letting java updates bundle themselves with "bonus" offers, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2oo8ja/lpt_stop_letting_java_updates_bundle_themselves/)**  * for those of you who take supplements other than whey protein, would you say they've had a huge impact on your workout goal / dream physique?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2oncoq/for_those_of_you_who_take_supplements_other_than/)**  * [image] learn to beat the raptor, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2omuge/image_learn_to_beat_the_raptor/)**  * an easier way to chop wood., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2ooaga/an_easier_way_to_chop_wood/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* women with more male friends have more sex because partners fear sex rivals, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2on3pl/women_with_more_male_friends_have_more_sex/)**  * epidemics expert jeremy farrar: 'the most dangerous emerging disease is drug resistance', *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2on9w6/epidemics_expert_jeremy_farrar_the_most_dangerous/)**  * this week in spaceflight [gif edition], *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ong8t/this_week_in_spaceflight_gif_edition/)**  * mit indefinitely removes online physics lectures and courses by walter lewin, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ope15/mit_indefinitely_removes_online_physics_lectures/)**  * crater langrenus of the central mare fecunditatis on the moon., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2onu5w/crater_langrenus_of_the_central_mare_fecunditatis/)**  * this bio-drone grows itself, and then melts into a puddle of sugar when it's done flying, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2omzvy/this_biodrone_grows_itself_and_then_melts_into_a/)**  * languages of europe [28042439], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2onkkg/languages_of_europe_28042439/)**  * android studio 1.0 released, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2oo4iy/android_studio_10_released/)**  * marines swap microsoft for linux os on northrop grumman radar, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2om5rk/marines_swap_microsoft_for_linux_os_on_northrop/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* if there were a milder version of hell called "heck", what kinds of things would you expect to happen there?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2oolg7/if_there_were_a_milder_version_of_hell_called/)**  * chevy chase on ama (and i don't like it)!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2op1go/chevy_chase_on_ama_and_i_dont_like_it/)**  * i microdose lsd every third day - ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2oncu0/i_microdose_lsd_every_third_day_ama/)**  * "i've been called creepy since i was a teenager, and now i don't give a fuck. i like 18 year old pussy, that's who i am as a person.", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2on3ss/ive_been_called_creepy_since_i_was_a_teenager_and/)**  * /u/scioso vs. /u/sniperwhg for charges of blatant reposting from an incorrect yahoo answer, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2opurl/uscioso_vs_usniperwhg_for_charges_of_blatant/)**  * u/17th_knight explains the myth of "if you can speak you can breathe" to his fellow officers, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2oobnl/u17th_knight_explains_the_myth_of_if_you_can/)**  * [reddit change] show report reasons box everywhere you can report, *from /r/changelog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/changelog/comments/2oodbq/reddit_change_show_report_reasons_box_everywhere/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2omp45) /r/diwhy, /r/trippinthroughtime, /r/dadmodeactivate, /r/worldbuilding, /r/brokengifs  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* pablo escobar (2007) - the king of cocaine, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2on0qx/pablo_escobar_2007_the_king_of_cocaine/)**  * the road to el dorado (2000) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2om8jy/the_road_to_el_dorado_2000_720p/)**  * how the talking hands segment in "labyrinth" was filmed, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ondtx/how_the_talking_hands_segment_in_labyrinth_was/)**  * on this day, 34 years ago, john lennon was assassinated., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2onojo/on_this_day_34_years_ago_john_lennon_was/)**  * thirdstory -- i'm not the only one (sam smith cover) [indie/soul] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2onqpq/thirdstory_im_not_the_only_one_sam_smith_cover/)**  * cosmic symbolism!, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2omi6q/cosmic_symbolism/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* the car took 20 mins to defrost today, so i lent fergus my scarf, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2onj7l/the_car_took_20_mins_to_defrost_today_so_i_lent/)**  * what a crazy shaped rock cut by the ocean in maui, hawaii by ipbrian [683 x 1024], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2omm9r/what_a_crazy_shaped_rock_cut_by_the_ocean_in_maui/)**  * a secret ballroom underneath a lake built in the 1800s [album] [x-post form r/interestingasfuck], *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2onzg3/a_secret_ballroom_underneath_a_lake_built_in_the/)**  * this infrared image from nasa's spitzer space telescope shows the helix nebula, a cosmic starlet often photographed by amateur astronomers for its vivid colors and eerie resemblance to a giant eye. [4279  3559], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2on50h/this_infrared_image_from_nasas_spitzer_space/)**  * santa monica sunset for the ages (oc) [3824 x 2549], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2omvtn/santa_monica_sunset_for_the_ages_oc_3824_x_2549/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* i am so pleased by the twist this took, *from /r/tumblr* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tumblr/comments/2onpof/i_am_so_pleased_by_the_twist_this_took/)**  * making my skin crawl., *from /r/talesfromthefrontdesk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromthefrontdesk/comments/2on30m/making_my_skin_crawl/)**  * wolf... where're you going?, *from /r/paydaytheheist* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/2ondat/wolf_wherere_you_going/)**  * i wish people would stop throwing the words autism, autistic, or aspergers around as an excuse to be a dick, *from /r/badsocialscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/badsocialscience/comments/2omniw/i_wish_people_would_stop_throwing_the_words/)**  * she just might be my first foster failure!, *from /r/chihuahua* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/chihuahua/comments/2oo3db/she_just_might_be_my_first_foster_failure/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* i wonder if my dog always follows me into the bathroom when i have to go potty because i always follow him outside when he does and he just thinks that's how it works., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2onuun/i_wonder_if_my_dog_always_follows_me_into_the/)**  * if a hurricane is coming where you live. purchase and leave open in the yard around your house 2 dozen large cans of house paint. make them all different colors, and if your house is still standing after the hurricane, see if you got a cool tye-dye/swirl effect from the paint., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oo2ee/if_a_hurricane_is_coming_where_you_live_purchase/)**  * "if love blinds you from seeing the faults of the one you love, then hatred blinds you from seeing the good things in the one you hate."  abdul aziz bin marzuq, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2onwsi/if_love_blinds_you_from_seeing_the_faults_of_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* illinois general assembly passes bill to ban citizens from recording police, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2ooscv/illinois_general_assembly_passes_bill_to_ban/)**  * mass surveillance exposed by snowden not justified by fight against terrorism - report by nils muinieks, commissioner for human rights at the council of europe, says secret, massive and indiscriminate intelligence work is contrary to rule of law, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2onbr9/mass_surveillance_exposed_by_snowden_not/)**  * grumpy cat has earned her owner nearly $100 million in just 2 years, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2onzx5/grumpy_cat_has_earned_her_owner_nearly_100/)**  * new zealand man proposes using a huge humorous billboard., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2omt0m/new_zealand_man_proposes_using_a_huge_humorous/)**  * release of six detainees after twelve years highlights the historic evil of guantnamo, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2om6sh/release_of_six_detainees_after_twelve_years/)**  * the rise of adblock reveals a serious problem in the advertising ecosystem: seeing a threat to their ecosystem, french publishers follow their german colleagues and prepare to sue startup eyeo gmbh, the creator of anti-advertising software adblock plus, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2onzh8/the_rise_of_adblock_reveals_a_serious_problem_in/)**  * kemba walker tells jose calderon to get that trash out of here., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2onvxu/kemba_walker_tells_jose_calderon_to_get_that/)**  * in today's washington post, a public defender outlines how any lawyer who was actually trying could have gotten an indictment of darren wilson and daniel pantaleo., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ony0s/in_todays_washington_post_a_public_defender/)**  * judges rule that uk spying doesn't violate human rights, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2omrno/judges_rule_that_uk_spying_doesnt_violate_human/)**  * what's up with all the fanart with the clevage sweaters on pixiv?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2onvrk/whats_up_with_all_the_fanart_with_the_clevage/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk how to clean your house throughout the 4 season. each season requires different maintenance and it could potentially save a lot of time and money., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ontk1/ysk_how_to_clean_your_house_throughout_the_4/)**  * if i wounded my palm and made a circle of exposed tissue and did the same to some other part of my body and stuck my palm there -- both circular wounds overlapping -- when they heal, would such parts fuse together?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2omsuq/if_i_wounded_my_palm_and_made_a_circle_of_exposed/)**  * eli5: (michelin stars) why do we care what a tire company thinks about restaurants?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2onehv/eli5_michelin_stars_why_do_we_care_what_a_tire/)**  * til that students who have been in dare classes are more likely to use drugs than their non-dare peers, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2oock4/til_that_students_who_have_been_in_dare_classes/)**  * all scores from imdb - score vs. vote count [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2onr5l/all_scores_from_imdb_score_vs_vote_count_oc/)**  * how to bake a protein carrot cake, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2on39e/how_to_bake_a_protein_carrot_cake/)**  * has anyone been experiencing a slow reddit?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2om5wg/has_anyone_been_experiencing_a_slow_reddit/)**  * a mentawai woman with sharpened teeth. reportedly they do so with their teeth in order to mimic those of a shark., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2onnsf/a_mentawai_woman_with_sharpened_teeth_reportedly/)**  * elephants are ecological engineers, which mean they can modify their environment and affect many species living there (both in good ways and sometime bad ways), *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ontmq/elephants_are_ecological_engineers_which_mean/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: stop letting java updates bundle themselves with "bonus" offers, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2oo8ja/lpt_stop_letting_java_updates_bundle_themselves/)**  * for those of you who take supplements other than whey protein, would you say they've had a huge impact on your workout goal / dream physique?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2oncoq/for_those_of_you_who_take_supplements_other_than/)**  * [image] learn to beat the raptor, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2omuge/image_learn_to_beat_the_raptor/)**  * an easier way to chop wood., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2ooaga/an_easier_way_to_chop_wood/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* women with more male friends have more sex because partners fear sex rivals, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2on3pl/women_with_more_male_friends_have_more_sex/)**  * epidemics expert jeremy farrar: 'the most dangerous emerging disease is drug resistance', *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2on9w6/epidemics_expert_jeremy_farrar_the_most_dangerous/)**  * this week in spaceflight [gif edition], *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ong8t/this_week_in_spaceflight_gif_edition/)**  * mit indefinitely removes online physics lectures and courses by walter lewin, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ope15/mit_indefinitely_removes_online_physics_lectures/)**  * crater langrenus of the central mare fecunditatis on the moon., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2onu5w/crater_langrenus_of_the_central_mare_fecunditatis/)**  * this bio-drone grows itself, and then melts into a puddle of sugar when it's done flying, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2omzvy/this_biodrone_grows_itself_and_then_melts_into_a/)**  * languages of europe [28042439], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2onkkg/languages_of_europe_28042439/)**  * android studio 1.0 released, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2oo4iy/android_studio_10_released/)**  * marines swap microsoft for linux os on northrop grumman radar, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2om5rk/marines_swap_microsoft_for_linux_os_on_northrop/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* if there were a milder version of hell called "heck", what kinds of things would you expect to happen there?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2oolg7/if_there_were_a_milder_version_of_hell_called/)**  * chevy chase on ama (and i don't like it)!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2op1go/chevy_chase_on_ama_and_i_dont_like_it/)**  * i microdose lsd every third day - ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2oncu0/i_microdose_lsd_every_third_day_ama/)**  * "i've been called creepy since i was a teenager, and now i don't give a fuck. i like 18 year old pussy, that's who i am as a person.", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2on3ss/ive_been_called_creepy_since_i_was_a_teenager_and/)**  * /u/scioso vs. /u/sniperwhg for charges of blatant reposting from an incorrect yahoo answer, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2opurl/uscioso_vs_usniperwhg_for_charges_of_blatant/)**  * u/17th_knight explains the myth of "if you can speak you can breathe" to his fellow officers, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2oobnl/u17th_knight_explains_the_myth_of_if_you_can/)**  * [reddit change] show report reasons box everywhere you can report, *from /r/changelog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/changelog/comments/2oodbq/reddit_change_show_report_reasons_box_everywhere/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2omp45) /r/diwhy, /r/trippinthroughtime, /r/dadmodeactivate, /r/worldbuilding, /r/brokengifs  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* pablo escobar (2007) - the king of cocaine, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2on0qx/pablo_escobar_2007_the_king_of_cocaine/)**  * the road to el dorado (2000) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2om8jy/the_road_to_el_dorado_2000_720p/)**  * how the talking hands segment in "labyrinth" was filmed, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ondtx/how_the_talking_hands_segment_in_labyrinth_was/)**  * on this day, 34 years ago, john lennon was assassinated., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2onojo/on_this_day_34_years_ago_john_lennon_was/)**  * thirdstory -- i'm not the only one (sam smith cover) [indie/soul] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2onqpq/thirdstory_im_not_the_only_one_sam_smith_cover/)**  * cosmic symbolism!, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2omi6q/cosmic_symbolism/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* the car took 20 mins to defrost today, so i lent fergus my scarf, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2onj7l/the_car_took_20_mins_to_defrost_today_so_i_lent/)**  * what a crazy shaped rock cut by the ocean in maui, hawaii by ipbrian [683 x 1024], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2omm9r/what_a_crazy_shaped_rock_cut_by_the_ocean_in_maui/)**  * a secret ballroom underneath a lake built in the 1800s [album] [x-post form r/interestingasfuck], *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2onzg3/a_secret_ballroom_underneath_a_lake_built_in_the/)**  * this infrared image from nasa's spitzer space telescope shows the helix nebula, a cosmic starlet often photographed by amateur astronomers for its vivid colors and eerie resemblance to a giant eye. [4279  3559], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2on50h/this_infrared_image_from_nasas_spitzer_space/)**  * santa monica sunset for the ages (oc) [3824 x 2549], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2omvtn/santa_monica_sunset_for_the_ages_oc_3824_x_2549/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* i am so pleased by the twist this took, *from /r/tumblr* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tumblr/comments/2onpof/i_am_so_pleased_by_the_twist_this_took/)**  * making my skin crawl., *from /r/talesfromthefrontdesk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromthefrontdesk/comments/2on30m/making_my_skin_crawl/)**  * wolf... where're you going?, *from /r/paydaytheheist* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/2ondat/wolf_wherere_you_going/)**  * i wish people would stop throwing the words autism, autistic, or aspergers around as an excuse to be a dick, *from /r/badsocialscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/badsocialscience/comments/2omniw/i_wish_people_would_stop_throwing_the_words/)**  * she just might be my first foster failure!, *from /r/chihuahua* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/chihuahua/comments/2oo3db/she_just_might_be_my_first_foster_failure/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* i wonder if my dog always follows me into the bathroom when i have to go potty because i always follow him outside when he does and he just thinks that's how it works., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2onuun/i_wonder_if_my_dog_always_follows_me_into_the/)**  * if a hurricane is coming where you live. purchase and leave open in the yard around your house 2 dozen large cans of house paint. make them all different colors, and if your house is still standing after the hurricane, see if you got a cool tye-dye/swirl effect from the paint., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oo2ee/if_a_hurricane_is_coming_where_you_live_purchase/)**  * "if love blinds you from seeing the faults of the one you love, then hatred blinds you from seeing the good things in the one you hate."  abdul aziz bin marzuq, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2onwsi/if_love_blinds_you_from_seeing_the_faults_of_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i work in a library.  it is business casual.  people are allowed to be creative or stylish.my office is frigid.  someone who worked here used to be under a blanket with gloves.it's acceptable for me to wear a coat.  i want something stylish.  any recommendations for a warm work coat?thank you, everyone.++$++28
hello everyone, another noob question from yours truly. in my university i am very active with the asian community, and since i am in charge of the japanese club, i meet a good amount of japanese transfer students. last year there was a student i got quite close to who was here for about a year; he was originally buddhist but some lds people got him and introduced him to christianity with their views. who knows what kind of weird stuff (imo) they told him and he eventually left and became atheist. he said one of the main things was that he couldn't come to terms with the fact that there was no reincarnation in christianity, as in buddhism.even though he said he was atheist and "was not interested in becoming christian or in religion", he was **always** talking about christianity and he would meet up with a mutual friend who is evangelical, he would talk about things he heard about christianity etc. i suspect that he was wanting to convert but i never thought about talking to him about joining catholicism, particularly because he was older.now there is another girl i know which speaks much less english but can still communicate; one of my friends is an evangelical who has family in the church and will be following in his father's footsteps as a missionary (i think he's baptist). doesn't do that great a job of it though lol, he gave her a bible and nothing else; she tried to read it "from the first page" (genesis) and gave up. she is always curious about my rosary, when i go pray etc, and showed me teh bible she was given when i was talking with a friend about christianity. i don't know if i should start talking to her about christianity and if she's interested in learning about it. i don't want to seem like i'm trying to convince her of anything or force anything on her; particularly because i have a lot of other-faithful friends and we are all tolerant of each other.any advice?++$++20
the scent of a winter cranberry candle pours through the dark hallways of the house. the warmth of the bath water kisses at my skin as i soak in the tub after my evening workout. i know that you'll be home soon and the thought of it brings a soft smile to my lips and intensifies my craving for your touch. tilting my head back against the porcelain edge, i take a deep, slow breath, letting go of the things that i have on my agenda for tomorrow and letting all of the stress from today wash away in the bubbles around me.----------------------------------------------------------------------------hi! i tried to leave this prompt as open ended as i can but here is a little bit of what i'm looking for in the story. i'd like this to be focused on the nature of a couple that live the lifestyle of bdsm. i would play the submissive girlfriend or wife (your choice) and you would play the dominant boyfriend or husband. you can be held up at the office a little late, at poker with the guys, etc. what ever you want.i'm hoping for this to be somewhat of a long term thing so please no responses with a sentence or two. please send a description of your character, as well as your response to the above scene. here is a description of my character as well!i am 20 years old, a student, 5'2, 110lbs, with green eyes, long sandy blonde hair that reaches about half way down my back, 32b, a light dusting of freckles across my cheeks, and a petite frame.happy writing!++$++20
i'm known by my friends and family to be a very selective person when it comes to women. it's made for some great relationships, some catatonic ones and some downright bad ones. either way i am extremely picky; i have never had a one night stand or meaningless sexual contact with anyone. i'm in my 30's. i think that since i've been single for so long - deductive reasoning only tells me one thing...i'm being too selective. single now three years - i've moved from one state to another, i've changed careers, changed lifestyles, lots of good change has occurred from this move....and none involved being with a woman. sometimes i wonder if it's the move...or me. i'm more and more afraid every day that i really will be by myself for the rest of my life. i wonder what i did wrong that has life handing me this sentence of loneliness.++$++33
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on tuesday.  **report period:**   monday, december 01, 2014 through sunday, december 07, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astrophotography** [[full report](/2oq5xp)]   ---* [during a milky way timelapse i think i caught my first iridium flare. my favourite photo by far](/2oeq16)  * [a pic of ic410 in somewhat of a hubble palette](/2o2lsr)  * [large moon mosaic. i think my first image worth printing!](/2nyb3e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canadapolitics** [[full report](/2oq99b)]   ---* [the seat implications of electoral reform](/2o5mwf)  * [over 600,000 litres spilled and not one mainstream media outlet reports it](/2ohnsf)  * [canadians - would you support a living wage?](/2oap6p)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlejerkaustralia** [[full report](/2oq6nw)]   ---* [how the greens stole christmas .](/2nzicp)  * [i need your help with an important human rights violation. my cable internet has been down for 10 hours and the fascist private companies haven't fixed it yet. upvote to send nbn requests to the human rights commission.](/2ofp5s)  * [i'm an australian with an opinion and anyone who doesn't agree with my opinion is a bigoted, racist, misogynist, science hating, homophobic, sociopath.](/2oaljo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cordcutters** [[full report](/2oq77p)]   ---* [for those wondering, this is just one of the many things that make google fiber such a great service.](/2o5r7z)  * [at&amp;amp;t wants to know why a town is building a 1gbps network when it already offers 6mbps dsl](/2o9g8x)  * [netflix is creating one of the most expensive tv shows in the world](/2nxv4t)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dataisbeautiful** [[full report](/2oq8mj)]   ---* [heart rate (bpm) during marriage proposal [oc]](/2o1rfe)  * [my pizza delivery tip frequency distribution for a sample size of 1,031 deliveries [oc]](/2o8cnt)  * [the most-viewed youtube videos [oc]](/2oging)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dinosaurs** [[full report](/2oq591)]   ---* [[fluff] spideraptor (xpost /r/drawing)](/2o8fs3)  * [boba fett riding a dinosaur, by yours truly [dino art]](/2oi6no)  * [alaskas first fossil ichthyosaur found with last meal still in its gut [find]](/2oaxa4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/explainlikeimfive** [[full report](/2oqga5)]   ---* [eli5: why is a rape on a college campus handled as an administrative problem by the school, rather than as a criminal matter, handled by the police?](/2o1tfe)  * [eli5: why is it that i can buy a perfectly edible block of cheese that has "aged for 3 years," but then cheese in my fridge goes moldy in a month?](/2oaqu1)  * [eli5 - why does a community need to secure the right to create its own broadband? why can't they just do it?](/2nzweb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/funny** [[full report](/2oqoq7)]   ---* [cat thinks it can win the game](/2nxqcv)  * [in fairness, that is what i said.](/2o7q6m)  * [lazy cat trying to help](/2o1j93)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indonesia** [[full report](/2oqbo5)]   ---* [on this day 39 years ago, indonesia began the invasion, annexation and occupation of east timor which led to the deaths of at least 100,000 innocents. let's take this day to remember and mourn the lost.](/2oh6m6)  * [[x-post from /r/truereddit] for the past few years, 100-year-old rubber-like blocks from indonesia have been mysteriously washing up on beaches in the uk and northern europe.](/2nznxa)  * [the price of fish in malaysia increasing due to susi's decisions](/2nxmcr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/learnuselesstalents** [[full report](/2oq531)]   ---* [best and fastest way to tie a tie!](/2o3oqo)  * [how to make brackets like this?](/2odxb3)  * [escaping duct tape handcuffs](/2o0kpq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lifeprotips** [[full report](/2oq7yf)]   ---* [lpt: if you're having trouble deciding on a good gift for someone, tell them you already got them something amazing and have them guess what it is.](/2o6ltu)  * [lpt: a lot of people forget this, but if you ever have to call 911 and they ask what medications you're on, we're asking for supplements you're on too.](/2ofqi4)  * [lpt: save powerpoint presentations with .pps/.ppsx extension instead of .ppt/.pptx to open the presentation directly as a slide show.](/2ok58q)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/manga** [[full report](/2oqa9x)]   ---* [pretty good manhua](/2oajhl)  * [just wanted to share something i'm working on!](/2o6rxl)  * [[rt!] all you need is kill (seinen/action/mecha/mystery/psychological/romance/sci-fi/tragedy)](/2o4udb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minimalism** [[full report](/2oq6e7)]   ---* [such peaceful warmth - my kind of minimal](/2o00yd)  * [our minimalist bedroom](/2okjac)  * [bunk beds (x-post /r/cozyplaces)](/2oiscw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/music** [[full report](/2oqhre)]   ---* [bojack horseman theme - patrick carney (the black keys) [electronic/jazz] - [4:24] the full version of the opening song of bojack horseman.](/2o60f6)  * [after declaring himself bankrupt, creed singer scott stapp asks fans for $480,000 to record new album.](/2nxzau)  * [alice in chains - mtv unplugged (full) [alternative/grunge]](/2okb1b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nascar** [[full report](/2oq4y5)]   ---* [keelan harvick: dreesed up with his own championship trophy for the awards ceremony tonight.](/2of40h)  * [josh wise to return to ppr in 2015](/2o1bwp)  * [no tree stand? no problem.](/2ojy2i)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nba** [[full report](/2oqlvd)]   ---* [that moment when you realise your teammate isn't going to pass you the ball, so you just decide to have a rest and watch him airball a contested three.](/2ofirx)  * [derrick rose banks a one hand 3 point shot, tying up the game sending it into double overtime.](/2o4c76)  * [i made anthony davis cutouts for the pelicans vs warriors game tonight! (xpost r/warriors)](/2obfbj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/photoshopbattles** [[full report](/2oqdff)]   ---* [psbattle: lunch date with lakers girls winner](/2o3q0m)  * [psbattle: kids ignoring rembrandt](/2o90o9)  * [psbattle: ed sheeran not believing his luck at the victoria's secret party](/2o9h3f)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/running** [[full report](/2oqbbc)]   ---* [i ran the beer mile last night. i even got a little tv coverage.](/2oc1qf)  * ["do we love running, jenna?": a turkey trot story](/2nz23d)  * [how the heck do you guys run so fast?!](/2ofbk0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/showerthoughts** [[full report](/2oqeo1)]   ---* [when sweden is playing denmark, it is swe-den. the remaining letters, not used, is den-mark.](/2nvt2q)  * [santa claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat.](/2o1k4a)  * [my cat probably thinks i go to the vet everyday since that's the only place he has been that's not home](/2o5ntg)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/squaredcircle** [[full report](/2oqj24)]   ---* [stone cold mentioned cm punks name, so i ate cat food.](/2o9vjw)  * [cm punk just announced on ufc ppv he will be entering the octagon!](/2oipfr)  * [steve austin podcast: vince mcmahon! live discussion thread](/2o0hmi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stockmarket** [[full report](/2oq5oo)]   ---* [a map of the most popular stocks in each state (defined as owned by largest number of investors). excluding apple, that is, since it is the most popular stock in every single state of the union right now.](/2o67jn)  * [black friday total weekend spending was down 11% this year. how will the market react today?](/2nwvds)  * [these are the 10 stocks with largest unrealized losses in investor portfolios this year](/2nyju0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/technology** [[full report](/2oqkb1)]   ---* [the fcc is not addressing home data caps because "the number of consumer complaints regarding usage based pricing by fixed providers appears to be small". go increase the number! link in comments.](/2o3t5y)  * [sony hack is potentially the worst in history. 100 tb stolen, including unreleased movies &amp;amp; scripts, medical records, 3800 ssns, etc.](/2o5yxp)  * [huge coalition forms to kill the comcast-twc merger for good](/2o9d3r)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/youshouldknow** [[full report](/2oq5fn)]   ---* [ysk: if you book a flight using the "skiplagged" method, and your flight is cancelled (2.5% are), then you may be rerouted to your ticket's "final destination" without ever passing through your "desired destination".](/2oaas1)  * [ysk the dangers of prescription drugs. prescription drug abuse just passed car crashes as the leading cause of death in 29 states. they kill more than heroin and cocaine combined in the us annually.](/2odorb)  * [ysk that no two cancers are the same.](/2nyo2l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i guess you could say i'm bikecurious.++$++18
i'm at work and am just wondering if there is or will be any form of crafting/using refined resources for building materials and modules/ship parts.just a small shower though. also is there a compiled list of confirmed features to come in the future?++$++16
my husband and i are going on a big trip. in the past we have borrowed luggage from my parents. now that they're vlc (only maintaining contact so i can get immediate news on my grandma if something happens) i haven't asked them to borrow their luggage, obviously. today i got an email about a sale on luggage from my mom, and about half hour later another email that she's bought the luggage and it's being delivered home (?) "if you want it you can have it".my stomach is so upset right now over this stupid email. i am feeling the same kind of stress when a big assignment is due. here are my thoughts:* why is she sending me news on a sale? i don't need her anymore. this was the only way she would be helpful in the past but i don't need that. i've made it clear that they should not be contacting me.* did she mistake my email from last week as a sign we're in contact again? i asked her and my dad for the email addresses of two relatives to thank them for wedding presents. i couldn't ask anyone else.* like usual when she does a "favour" she's so vague that she can reneg on it if it doesn't suit her. in this case she's said "if you want it you can have it"...does this make it a gift? when i accept this gift, will she demand i pay? will she remind everyday until i pay her? **i'm not falling for this!** she's done it before, even my husband has seen it (she hides her mean actions well). even now, she could've sent it to my home - she knows the address - but no, if i want it i have to go pick it up and the lug it back by myself on public transit.* now i'm confused as to whether or not to buy this luggage. if i do it's like she helped me. if i don't i feel guilty (i don't know why). it's a one day sale. we need luggage...do we need *this* luggage?----ugh, no! just got another email. there's a wedding in one of the places we're going to go on our trip and my parents might be going to it. i do not want to see them on my fucking honeymoon...i do want to go to the wedding even though i haven't been invited by name. i feel i should since i'm a married adult...but they might not know i am married.++$++20
1. i lost my hand.(it hurts)   2. bellamy lost his mind.  3. luffy lost his temper.  and big mom lost her "treasure"(if she had one) great job /u/sanjispride.ps. congrats to oda. 1 year without smoking. i am proud of you.++$++23
so i'm a 19 year old kid that used to produce beats through fl studio. i would find loops, samples and use other synths to make whatever sound i wanted. it was mainly electronic or trap. my ideas were solid, however, these old songs were mastered terribly. clipping everywhere, not even close to professional sound, and basically my fundamentals of producing never even grew.edit: forgot to mention something really important. i know nothing about melodies. harmonies anything. admittedly in my old songs i would use other people's notes for my pads and lead synths from the internet. but i don't want to do that anymore. i don't know any instruments but it seems like thousands of producers just know what notes sound good, how to lay their idea out on a daw. how do i learn that? now i want to get back to the grindstone, but i want to learn the fundamentals first. i never really gave it the time. where should i start? mixing? mastering? synthesis? i'm kind of lost. i'm hoping to produce hip hop and electronic beats with "huge" sounds. i want a sound like mura masa, or mr. carmack.  so if anyone could help me with that, i'd be very grateful.thank you!!++$++15
i have recently saw this video and watch it a couple of times. it is so rich. it is mainly about anita sarkeesian but i still highly recommend a watch.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6td_rxtoy0&amp;feature=youtu.beedit: i decided to put some short facts in here.anitas fund raiser helped raise 150 000 $ (she wanted 6 000$) 25 times what she initially asked for. and is now **2** **years** late(she only had to make 12 videos)she wants to make a videogame that is practically a rip off of another videogame. the protagonist is female,and the **only** enemies she encounters are males,thus provoking violence against men in her logic. normalizes the concept that the only way to deal with men,is thru violence. the game actually fails the [bechdel test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bechdel_test),the test that determines the presence of women in movies.i quote her "... i am very careful about what i say,i spend hours trying to compose a tweet". but she tweeted on christopher hitchens after about 2 days after he **died**. she called him a "racist,sexist,warmonger",but that would be harrasment now,would it?++$++16
it's quite rare that i make 2 threads in one sub in one day; hope i'm not clogging it up. i just wanted to remind everyone to shut up, sit down, and just pray. so many of us get caught up with other things that can be so meaningless and don't devote the time to pray.don't even worry if it is not "right"; prayer is not like filing your taxes; its like speaking to a friend. "but what if i'm pissed/sad/distracted/worried/cynical/aroused/etc? i can't pray like that!"sure you can; its even better; give your thoughts to god, don't keep them bottled in."but prayer takes up time, i'm so busy!"it doesn't have to take up time. say a 1 or 2 minute prayer a couple times in the day; practice saying afte ryou do something. say every time that you check reddit, say a prayer. furthermore, think of how much time you give to other things; most people won't think twice about spending 30 minutes watching a tv episode; skip one and pray instead."but my prayer is so boring and repetitive, it feels like i'm getting nowhere"that's okay, there's so many ways to pray. break out of the same old prayer. try some liturgical prayer, maybe the divine office if you're up for it; or buy a magnificat, also, try praying with others, go to the church and pray; or find someone in your school or work and pray. pray with others who are not catholic, try praying with protestants or orthodox being careful to not stray from your beliefs; you can even pray with non christians if you want. try chanting the prayers rather than saying them; find some psalm tones and try them out; sing some hymns. whatever you can to ake your prayer more lively.all this really does help. a month ago i was going through a bad crisis of faith in teh church. i dedicated mysef to praying the divine office every day, the morning, vesper and night prayer. it has done wonders. it has not removed all my doubts; i still have things i am discerning; but it did bring me tranquility, patience and peace. this month when i have had problems from trivial to serious, i have been much more calm and collected than usual. i seldom worry and understand there are things i can't change. so definitely pray; don't keep putting it off or do it as an "obligation"; it should be more than an obligation. feel free to share how prayer has helped you as well; would love to hear it.++$++20
i just wanted to remind everyone to shut up, sit down, and just pray. so many of us get caught up with other things that can be so meaningless and don't devote the time to pray.don't even worry if it is not "right"; prayer is not like filing your taxes; its like speaking to a friend. "but what if i'm pissed/sad/distracted/worried/cynical/aroused/etc? i can't pray like that!"sure you can; its even better; give your thoughts to god, don't keep them bottled in."but prayer takes up time, i'm so busy!"it doesn't have to take up time. say a 1 or 2 minute prayer a couple times in the day; practice saying afte ryou do something. say every time that you check reddit, say a prayer. furthermore, think of how much time you give to other things; most people won't think twice about spending 30 minutes watching a tv episode; skip one and pray instead."but my prayer is so boring and repetitive, it feels like i'm getting nowhere"that's okay, there's so many ways to pray. break out of the same old prayer. try some liturgical prayer, maybe the divine office (or bcp for anglicans, whatever it is for orthodox etc) if you're up for it; or buy a magnificat, also, try praying with others, go to the church and pray; or find someone in your school or work and pray. pray with others who are not of your denomination, try praying with catholics,  protestants or orthodox being careful to not stray from your beliefs; you can even pray with non christians if you want. try chanting the prayers rather than saying them; find some psalm tones and try them out; sing some hymns. whatever you can to ake your prayer more lively.all this really does help. a month ago i was going through a bad crisis of faith in teh church. i dedicated myself to praying the divine office every day, the morning, vesper and night prayer. it has done wonders. it has not removed all my doubts; i still have things i am discerning; but it did bring me tranquility, patience and peace. this month when i have had problems from trivial to serious, i have been much more calm and collected than usual. i seldom worry and understand there are things i can't change. so definitely pray; don't keep putting it off or do it as an "obligation"; it should be more than an obligation. feel free to share how prayer has helped you as well; would love to hear it.++$++20
i have a cold right now. thing is, my favorite cold medicine is age restricted. on top of that, it is recorded by licenses number on how much you buy. i decided to use my ff mn to get some. i went to rite aid and showed my id to the pharmicist. she scanned it and told me it's not working. she then swiped it. it still wasn't going through. she entered the numbers onto her computer and it still didn't work. she handed me back my fake and told me she coulden't sell to me. i did the same thing at another rite aid location with my ff co and it worked! she scanned it and i got my sudafed. so, wtf ff? why did one scan and the other didn't?++$++16
today i recent learned that da: i have radar that make noise when near ladder and other stuff. i thought it is totally not fair that i can't hear and they didn't add anything that can let me know about radar findings. so i wonder if anyone know what software that can help detect the ping sounds from radar? it has to be visual, not sound. edit: turned out i am dumb not to use search. it does highlight anything in minimap. never mind then. :p++$++21
okay, this only happened a couple weeks ago. im 18 right now and am not a virgin and neither is my neighbor who is also 18. we have been friends since first grade when she first moved in. ill just refer to her as taryn because that is her name, and my name is steve. it all started one night when her boyfriend was out of town, and her parents and siblings went somewhere. she asked me to come over and hang out, and i didnt have anything else to do so i agreed. i made my way next door and she greeted me at the door. she was wearing some short shorts and a tank top. i was just wearing some shorts and t-shirt. we then decided to just watch a movie in her basement. we were watching the movie and just talking and then she leaned over on my shoulder. i found this weird, even though we were good friends. i then just got comfortable and laid down, and she laid her head on my chest. she started talking about how her boyfriend had been a little distant lately. she then started kissing me and i knew it was wrong, but i was just in the mood and kissed her back. we then started getting more intimant and using some tongue. before i knew it, i had a boner.  taryn then started to rub my hard cock through the shorts i was wearing. i was instantly turned on, and got really hard. we continued kissing and taryn rubbing my cock. she then started to pull down my shorts and underwear. before i knew it, she was giving me head. i was so pleasured my the feeling of my cock going into her warm mouth and into her throat as she gagged. she said "wow, my boyfriend isnt this big!" i then started to feel up her nice tits under her tank top, and then i took it off of her and sucked on her nipples. taryn then started to take off her shorts and was only wearing a pink thong. she said she wanted to get fucked really hard. she said she was on the pill so i didnt see why i shouldnt give her what she wanted. she slid her thong to the side and then got on top of me and rode me like a champ. she rode me for a while, and then we switched positions and i rammed her from behind. i pulled her hair a little bit and she moaned with pleasure. i could fell myself coming to an end so i pulled out and told her to get on her knees and i blew my hot load all over her face. then we both got in the shower together to clean up and we had some fun in there. when it was time for me to leave, i said bye. she said bye too and told me we'll have to do this again and winked.++$++17
im using this b&amp;m-bought juice called jungle juice, 70/30 vg/pg with 0mg nicotine.  it's only about 3 weeks old++$++15
hey. i want to learn to draw. simple as that! i have absolutely no former experience. i doodle horribly. i want to learn any style of drawing. i prefer pencils and pens, paint is too messy. i just want drawing to be a hobby, but also one i can really get my hands dirty with (literally too.) i have wall in my room, a pretty wide one, and by the end of next year i want it to be filled with sketches, doodles, portraits everything.is there some sort of technique to drawing/sketching? don't you draw the proportions first or a rough outline and add more detail gradually? i stuggle to do that and a lot of my stuff just looks out of proportion.what resources should i be looking for? books? websites? videos? is a drawing class necessary? i don't think i have the time for it, though.thanks!++$++16
the laser text on a real new new york id can be crooked. premium is not doing anything wrong by making the laser text crooked. although, it shoulden't be too crooked. a little crookedness is okay!drink on my friends.++$++16
hello guys and thank you for your time,currently, i am on a slow finance rebound from complete catastrophe.  meaning, after five years, i am working off the good bit of debt that i accumulated.  at this point, i am able to set a few hundred dollars away each month and was thinking of investing that in gold or silver coins. saving seems to last a long time with me.  i am also hoping that having something physical will and to the longevity of my savings.  i am a little unsure about the my ability to securely store it in my home, but not extremely. what do you guys think about this as a form of long-term saving/investing?++$++34
so, my nmom contacted my chosen mother (mom of good friend)...and although nmom didn't say anything "bad" - i guess - i'm still really upset. i'm mostly upset at how my chosen mother responded though. nmom will read that as "this will all magically go away, i should reach out to her, i did nothing wrong" yadda yadda yadda..   i guess i just wanted to share and get your thoughts on the whole conversation. nmom - " thanks for being so nice to my daughter /u/dracinia. i guess she needs someone  other than me right now. please text me sometime  if you would. i would really like to know how everything is going for her and if she's  happy. thank you. she doesn't  care for me right know"   selected mom - i am far from a perfect mother, i am just not /u/dracinia's mother and sometimes that is all it takes.she has overcome some hurdles the past few months and in facing them she continues to mature and evolve.she really does seem very happy with (so's name) and so far, so good,i'll be seeing her again in a couple weeks.this with the two of you will pass, the reasons don't matter so much, but i went two years not talking with my mom when i was younger, and i have had to put space between me and some of my kids over the years...sometimes it is stubborn foolishness on one part or another, and sometimes it is a necessity to take a stand and allow them to grow and come back on their terms.   sometimes i have had to be the humble one (usually) and others, they have come back when they are ready....at all times i have made myself available and my love unconditional....it is not an easy thing all the timepersonally, i secretly follow the fb of a couple of my stepkids who i am not in contact with just to see that they are alive and to give me an indication of whether or not they are changing priorities and i express myself in the occasional encouraging message even though i refuse or am refused on friends lists.  even thought we're estranged, it is still a reminder that i am here, i am thinking of them and no matter what....i may not involve myself in their lives for whatever reason, but i will always love and pray for them.  it helps me and hopefully someday those in question.i continue to encourage /u/dracinia as much as i can without overstepping, and believe that, as before, you two will eventually make peace with each other again.nmom - i worry so much about her. she is all i really have left in this world. (so's name) and her were very disrespectful to me the last time we talked. i cry every day. their is nothing i can do. that was the first thanksgiving without her or her dad. i know she doesn't  like (name of stepdad who left bruises on me)but he would do anything for her if she were in trouble. thank you so much for letting me know she's  alright and that (so's name) is good to her. i am going to die at christmas time. i will put money into her account so she knows i didn't  forget her. i hope when we get back together it's  not to late. thank you again.  please keep me in the loop if you can.if she needs anything and i mean anything please let me know.sorry one more question should i send her a christmas gift or not. she told me to leave her completely  alone and not to contact her.++$++23
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* comcast sued for turning home wi-fi routers into public hotspots, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2orhuj/comcast_sued_for_turning_home_wifi_routers_into/)**  * the pirate bay goes down worldwide, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2orzft/the_pirate_bay_goes_down_worldwide/)**  * full cia torture report -- 525 pages by senate intelligence committee, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2orljz/full_cia_torture_report_525_pages_by_senate/)**  * after being pulled over and then backing up into a cop car, instead of arresting her, police give 87 year old woman 150 mile ride to see her son in the hospital., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2orl5c/after_being_pulled_over_and_then_backing_up_into/)**  * the pirate bay goes down worldwide, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2orvex/the_pirate_bay_goes_down_worldwide/)**  * a sport called headis we play here in germany, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2orf92/a_sport_called_headis_we_play_here_in_germany/)**  * harvard business school professor goes to war over $4 worth of chinese food, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2osqth/harvard_business_school_professor_goes_to_war/)**  * microsoft calls out u.s. government for double standard in email warrant case - geekwire, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2or8x1/microsoft_calls_out_us_government_for_double/)**  * what's up with all the "with rice 9/10"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2or0gi/whats_up_with_all_the_with_rice_910/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk how to properly use a median and avoid accidents while driving., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2or2sv/ysk_how_to_properly_use_a_median_and_avoid/)**  * if the voyager 1 looks at the earth - what date does it see?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2oqszl/if_the_voyager_1_looks_at_the_earth_what_date/)**  * eli5: since education is incredibly important, why are teachers paid so little and students slammed with so much debt?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2orlv5/eli5_since_education_is_incredibly_important_why/)**  * til every time pac-man eats a regular dot, he stops moving for one frame (1/60th of a second), slowing his progress by roughly ten percentjust enough for a following ghost to overtake him., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2oschi/til_every_time_pacman_eats_a_regular_dot_he_stops/)**  * no apple apps for android, but tons of google apps for ios [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2orhvm/no_apple_apps_for_android_but_tons_of_google_apps/)**  * how to create secret 'invisible ink' street graffiti that only shows up in the rain, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2oqeqj/how_to_create_secret_invisible_ink_street/)**  * when two people are moving furniture up a flight of stairs, should the stronger person be the one leading or the one following?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2or5wa/when_two_people_are_moving_furniture_up_a_flight/)**  * the night skies over reine, norway are incredible. -- photo by inigo cia, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2or74a/the_night_skies_over_reine_norway_are_incredible/)**  * shark embryos cannibalize their littermates in the womb, with the largest embryo eating all but one of its siblings. it's part of a struggle for paternity in utero, where babies of different fathers compete to be born., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2orbvf/shark_embryos_cannibalize_their_littermates_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: college students - do not "pick a major." instead, pick a career and then find the correct major that goes with it., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2orvi9/lpt_college_students_do_not_pick_a_major_instead/)**  * i reached my goal of a 500 pound deadlift!, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2or751/i_reached_my_goal_of_a_500_pound_deadlift/)**  * [image] i was so sick and tired of being sick and tired. down 120 pounds in 10 months. you must go through hell to get to heaven., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2oqg3a/image_i_was_so_sick_and_tired_of_being_sick_and/)**  * cut tomatoes like a boss (in 5 seconds), *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2orrh1/cut_tomatoes_like_a_boss_in_5_seconds/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: we are a group of researchers exploring auditory hallucinations  people who hear voices. ask us anything!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2or00m/science_ama_series_we_are_a_group_of_researchers/)**  * billionaire bought james watsons nobel prize medal ($4.1 million) in order to return it, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2orrun/billionaire_bought_james_watsons_nobel_prize/)**  * the best part of my job at the smithsonian, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2or5ap/the_best_part_of_my_job_at_the_smithsonian/)**  * high temperature superconductivity record smashed by sulphur hydride, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2os3js/high_temperature_superconductivity_record_smashed/)**  * my astronomy class made pinhole cameras out of cans at the beginning of the semester. this is my final result., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2osb68/my_astronomy_class_made_pinhole_cameras_out_of/)**  * this is the worlds first 3d-printed electric car, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2oqweo/this_is_the_worlds_first_3dprinted_electric_car/)**  * very detailed map of the roman empire in the year 211 ce, sources in comments [oc] [4707x3333], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2osa8m/very_detailed_map_of_the_roman_empire_in_the_year/)**  * five popular myths about c++, part 1 : standard c++, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2oquwj/five_popular_myths_about_c_part_1_standard_c/)**  * its here! announcing fedora 21!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2orc6e/its_here_announcing_fedora_21/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [stories] people who have acted in embarrassing roles, no matter how minor, or who were casted because they were fat or ugly, how was the experience? were you treated well? did you handle it well? did you or anyone else learn anything from the experience?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2oqm7o/stories_people_who_have_acted_in_embarrassing/)**  * iam elyot grantmit dropout, game developer, prismata founder, and destroyer of our company mailing list. my story became the most upvoted submission in history on /r/bestof after reddit completely changed my life. ama, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2orb5j/iam_elyot_grantmit_dropout_game_developer/)**  * it's 3am here and my mum just got the news she had a donor kidney ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ork8a/its_3am_here_and_my_mum_just_got_the_news_she_had/)**  * redditor loses financial company a six figure deal when talking to a client about bitcoin. gets fired. posts to /r/bitcoin. response is less than sympathetic., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2or2b2/redditor_loses_financial_company_a_six_figure/)**  * u/fuck_blue_shells passionately explains the difference between a melt and a grilled cheese, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2orp6j/ufuck_blue_shells_passionately_explains_the/)**  * moderators: i'm thinking about starting a "mod academy", *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2os55i/moderators_im_thinking_about_starting_a_mod/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oqn5q) /r/kenm, /r/h1z1, /r/hawwkey, /r/skincareaddiction, /r/imaginarywinterscapes  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* short: the very first time a "perdue" chicken-factory farmer allows film crew inside the farm to reveal the cruelty on chickens and the despicable conditions they are rapidly raised in. (2014) [cc], *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2oqx4a/short_the_very_first_time_a_perdue_chickenfactory/)**  * kids (1995) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2or6ft/kids_1995_720p/)**  * separation anxiety (2014) 1080p, *from /r/fullmoviesonvimeo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonvimeo/comments/2os0vj/separation_anxiety_2014_1080p/)**  * the muppet christmas carol is, by far, my favorite holiday movie, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2orbee/the_muppet_christmas_carol_is_by_far_my_favorite/)**  * rammstein -- sonne [neue deutsche hrte], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2oqwf2/rammstein_sonne_neue_deutsche_hrte/)**  * hi, i'm wax tailor, french producer-composer-dj, ask me anything, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2osa7o/hi_im_wax_tailor_french_producercomposerdj_ask_me/)**  * interactive u.s. baby name explorer, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2ory1g/interactive_us_baby_name_explorer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* found my kitties holding paws while napping., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2oq8xf/found_my_kitties_holding_paws_while_napping/)**  * took this picture at an early morning in a costa rica rainforest - down the rabbit hole - [oc][2048x1365], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2oqv1d/took_this_picture_at_an_early_morning_in_a_costa/)**  * this vending machine dispenses a random book for $2.00, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2orv67/this_vending_machine_dispenses_a_random_book_for/)**  * apollo designer wernher von braun presents a rocket capable of reaching mars (xpost /r/whereismyflyingcar) [550x438], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2orkpq/apollo_designer_wernher_von_braun_presents_a/)**  * nice sunset as seen from my terrace, village of dolno sonje, macedonia [2048x1152], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2or54b/nice_sunset_as_seen_from_my_terrace_village_of/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* reditor calls bs on will ferrell appearing in the yearbook. ron burgundy agrees., *from /r/retiredgif* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/retiredgif/comments/2orhdy/reditor_calls_bs_on_will_ferrell_appearing_in_the/)**  * where oh where could my beagle be?, *from /r/beagle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/beagle/comments/2oqxcm/where_oh_where_could_my_beagle_be/)**  * ting to offer service on a gsm network, *from /r/nocontract* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nocontract/comments/2os2rj/ting_to_offer_service_on_a_gsm_network/)**  * testing out the arena on the reddit server., *from /r/7daystodie* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/7daystodie/comments/2oqiv4/testing_out_the_arena_on_the_reddit_server/)**  * tyrone is fooled, *from /r/shhhhheeeeeeeeiiiitt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shhhhheeeeeeeeiiiitt/comments/2oq61e/tyrone_is_fooled/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* reddit is a bunch of strangers doing posts and discussions you wish your friends did on facebook., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2orkfz/reddit_is_a_bunch_of_strangers_doing_posts_and/)**  * we should reverse gifting for birthdays. instead of getting gifts, we all give them out. that way, we only need to worry about buying birthday presents once a year and we get a constant flow of gifts all year., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2or2mm/we_should_reverse_gifting_for_birthdays_instead/)**  * "seeing someone reading a book you love is seeing a book recommending a person", *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2os1am/seeing_someone_reading_a_book_you_love_is_seeing/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* comcast sued for turning home wi-fi routers into public hotspots, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2orhuj/comcast_sued_for_turning_home_wifi_routers_into/)**  * the pirate bay goes down worldwide, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2orzft/the_pirate_bay_goes_down_worldwide/)**  * full cia torture report -- 525 pages by senate intelligence committee, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2orljz/full_cia_torture_report_525_pages_by_senate/)**  * after being pulled over and then backing up into a cop car, instead of arresting her, police give 87 year old woman 150 mile ride to see her son in the hospital., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2orl5c/after_being_pulled_over_and_then_backing_up_into/)**  * the pirate bay goes down worldwide, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2orvex/the_pirate_bay_goes_down_worldwide/)**  * a sport called headis we play here in germany, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2orf92/a_sport_called_headis_we_play_here_in_germany/)**  * harvard business school professor goes to war over $4 worth of chinese food, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2osqth/harvard_business_school_professor_goes_to_war/)**  * microsoft calls out u.s. government for double standard in email warrant case - geekwire, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2or8x1/microsoft_calls_out_us_government_for_double/)**  * what's up with all the "with rice 9/10"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2or0gi/whats_up_with_all_the_with_rice_910/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk how to properly use a median and avoid accidents while driving., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2or2sv/ysk_how_to_properly_use_a_median_and_avoid/)**  * if the voyager 1 looks at the earth - what date does it see?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2oqszl/if_the_voyager_1_looks_at_the_earth_what_date/)**  * eli5: since education is incredibly important, why are teachers paid so little and students slammed with so much debt?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2orlv5/eli5_since_education_is_incredibly_important_why/)**  * til every time pac-man eats a regular dot, he stops moving for one frame (1/60th of a second), slowing his progress by roughly ten percentjust enough for a following ghost to overtake him., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2oschi/til_every_time_pacman_eats_a_regular_dot_he_stops/)**  * no apple apps for android, but tons of google apps for ios [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2orhvm/no_apple_apps_for_android_but_tons_of_google_apps/)**  * how to create secret 'invisible ink' street graffiti that only shows up in the rain, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2oqeqj/how_to_create_secret_invisible_ink_street/)**  * when two people are moving furniture up a flight of stairs, should the stronger person be the one leading or the one following?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2or5wa/when_two_people_are_moving_furniture_up_a_flight/)**  * the night skies over reine, norway are incredible. -- photo by inigo cia, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2or74a/the_night_skies_over_reine_norway_are_incredible/)**  * shark embryos cannibalize their littermates in the womb, with the largest embryo eating all but one of its siblings. it's part of a struggle for paternity in utero, where babies of different fathers compete to be born., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2orbvf/shark_embryos_cannibalize_their_littermates_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: college students - do not "pick a major." instead, pick a career and then find the correct major that goes with it., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2orvi9/lpt_college_students_do_not_pick_a_major_instead/)**  * i reached my goal of a 500 pound deadlift!, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2or751/i_reached_my_goal_of_a_500_pound_deadlift/)**  * [image] i was so sick and tired of being sick and tired. down 120 pounds in 10 months. you must go through hell to get to heaven., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2oqg3a/image_i_was_so_sick_and_tired_of_being_sick_and/)**  * cut tomatoes like a boss (in 5 seconds), *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2orrh1/cut_tomatoes_like_a_boss_in_5_seconds/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: we are a group of researchers exploring auditory hallucinations  people who hear voices. ask us anything!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2or00m/science_ama_series_we_are_a_group_of_researchers/)**  * billionaire bought james watsons nobel prize medal ($4.1 million) in order to return it, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2orrun/billionaire_bought_james_watsons_nobel_prize/)**  * the best part of my job at the smithsonian, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2or5ap/the_best_part_of_my_job_at_the_smithsonian/)**  * high temperature superconductivity record smashed by sulphur hydride, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2os3js/high_temperature_superconductivity_record_smashed/)**  * my astronomy class made pinhole cameras out of cans at the beginning of the semester. this is my final result., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2osb68/my_astronomy_class_made_pinhole_cameras_out_of/)**  * this is the worlds first 3d-printed electric car, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2oqweo/this_is_the_worlds_first_3dprinted_electric_car/)**  * very detailed map of the roman empire in the year 211 ce, sources in comments [oc] [4707x3333], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2osa8m/very_detailed_map_of_the_roman_empire_in_the_year/)**  * five popular myths about c++, part 1 : standard c++, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2oquwj/five_popular_myths_about_c_part_1_standard_c/)**  * its here! announcing fedora 21!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2orc6e/its_here_announcing_fedora_21/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [stories] people who have acted in embarrassing roles, no matter how minor, or who were casted because they were fat or ugly, how was the experience? were you treated well? did you handle it well? did you or anyone else learn anything from the experience?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2oqm7o/stories_people_who_have_acted_in_embarrassing/)**  * iam elyot grantmit dropout, game developer, prismata founder, and destroyer of our company mailing list. my story became the most upvoted submission in history on /r/bestof after reddit completely changed my life. ama, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2orb5j/iam_elyot_grantmit_dropout_game_developer/)**  * it's 3am here and my mum just got the news she had a donor kidney ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ork8a/its_3am_here_and_my_mum_just_got_the_news_she_had/)**  * redditor loses financial company a six figure deal when talking to a client about bitcoin. gets fired. posts to /r/bitcoin. response is less than sympathetic., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2or2b2/redditor_loses_financial_company_a_six_figure/)**  * u/fuck_blue_shells passionately explains the difference between a melt and a grilled cheese, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2orp6j/ufuck_blue_shells_passionately_explains_the/)**  * moderators: i'm thinking about starting a "mod academy", *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2os55i/moderators_im_thinking_about_starting_a_mod/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oqn5q) /r/kenm, /r/h1z1, /r/hawwkey, /r/skincareaddiction, /r/imaginarywinterscapes  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* short: the very first time a "perdue" chicken-factory farmer allows film crew inside the farm to reveal the cruelty on chickens and the despicable conditions they are rapidly raised in. (2014) [cc], *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2oqx4a/short_the_very_first_time_a_perdue_chickenfactory/)**  * kids (1995) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2or6ft/kids_1995_720p/)**  * separation anxiety (2014) 1080p, *from /r/fullmoviesonvimeo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonvimeo/comments/2os0vj/separation_anxiety_2014_1080p/)**  * the muppet christmas carol is, by far, my favorite holiday movie, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2orbee/the_muppet_christmas_carol_is_by_far_my_favorite/)**  * rammstein -- sonne [neue deutsche hrte], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2oqwf2/rammstein_sonne_neue_deutsche_hrte/)**  * hi, i'm wax tailor, french producer-composer-dj, ask me anything, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2osa7o/hi_im_wax_tailor_french_producercomposerdj_ask_me/)**  * interactive u.s. baby name explorer, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2ory1g/interactive_us_baby_name_explorer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* found my kitties holding paws while napping., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2oq8xf/found_my_kitties_holding_paws_while_napping/)**  * took this picture at an early morning in a costa rica rainforest - down the rabbit hole - [oc][2048x1365], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2oqv1d/took_this_picture_at_an_early_morning_in_a_costa/)**  * this vending machine dispenses a random book for $2.00, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2orv67/this_vending_machine_dispenses_a_random_book_for/)**  * apollo designer wernher von braun presents a rocket capable of reaching mars (xpost /r/whereismyflyingcar) [550x438], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2orkpq/apollo_designer_wernher_von_braun_presents_a/)**  * nice sunset as seen from my terrace, village of dolno sonje, macedonia [2048x1152], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2or54b/nice_sunset_as_seen_from_my_terrace_village_of/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* reditor calls bs on will ferrell appearing in the yearbook. ron burgundy agrees., *from /r/retiredgif* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/retiredgif/comments/2orhdy/reditor_calls_bs_on_will_ferrell_appearing_in_the/)**  * where oh where could my beagle be?, *from /r/beagle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/beagle/comments/2oqxcm/where_oh_where_could_my_beagle_be/)**  * ting to offer service on a gsm network, *from /r/nocontract* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nocontract/comments/2os2rj/ting_to_offer_service_on_a_gsm_network/)**  * testing out the arena on the reddit server., *from /r/7daystodie* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/7daystodie/comments/2oqiv4/testing_out_the_arena_on_the_reddit_server/)**  * tyrone is fooled, *from /r/shhhhheeeeeeeeiiiitt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shhhhheeeeeeeeiiiitt/comments/2oq61e/tyrone_is_fooled/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* reddit is a bunch of strangers doing posts and discussions you wish your friends did on facebook., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2orkfz/reddit_is_a_bunch_of_strangers_doing_posts_and/)**  * we should reverse gifting for birthdays. instead of getting gifts, we all give them out. that way, we only need to worry about buying birthday presents once a year and we get a constant flow of gifts all year., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2or2mm/we_should_reverse_gifting_for_birthdays_instead/)**  * "seeing someone reading a book you love is seeing a book recommending a person", *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2os1am/seeing_someone_reading_a_book_you_love_is_seeing/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on wednesday.  **report period:**   tuesday, december 02, 2014 through monday, december 08, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adviceanimals** [[full report](/2oulib)]   ---* [great time meeting my not so new neighbors](/2o1h5b)  * [my gf used my computer and stumbled onto my reddit. i told her i can't control what content they show on the front page.](/2ob84y)  * [i realized my mistake when i got the notification email](/2o7cv2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anger** [[full report](/2ou3jk)]   ---* [i'm scared one day i will kill somebody](/2ohq54)  * [chewing with your mouth open.](/2o4rwz)  * [freaked out for the first time](/2o79x5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/aww** [[full report](/2ougw4)]   ---* [you can't see me](/2o9n6r)  * [my cat and corgi are best friends](/2o7sxu)  * [three dogs in wheelchairs meet a horseshoe crab.](/2od1ba)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/china** [[full report](/2ou6t5)]   ---* [china used more concrete in 3 years than the u.s. used in the entire 20th century](/2odqx0)  * [inside china's new cctv headquarters](/2o4gwh)  * [i wonder if the school knows about this job ad?](/2oi53x)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/damnthatsinteresting** [[full report](/2ou4ma)]   ---* [nature be doing crazy shit again](/2odrxg)  * [the inside of a ship during a storm.](/2ogria)  * [lightning strike in slow motion.](/2okzkn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/darknetmarkets** [[full report](/2ouaff)]   ---* [i just lost 100 btc and i have no idea how](/2nztsf)  * [i'm a mail handler for usps. ask me anything!](/2ol3fc)  * [this week on darknetmarkets!](/2oirza)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dogecoin** [[full report](/2oufnu)]   ---* [i genuinely laughed out loud!](/2olxau)  * [it's been one hell of a year, you guys](/2onmy5)  * [much happy](/2ohg89)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entertainment** [[full report](/2ou5q0)]   ---* [actor/comedian patton oswalt on bill cosby: 'comedians have known for a long f**ing time'](/2ont5y)  * [friends coming to netflix january 1, 2015!](/2oirqh)  * ['gangnam style' busts youtube's view counter at 2.147b](/2o9ixf)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitnesscirclejerk** [[full report](/2ou63p)]   ---* [this](/2ohsvh)  * [morning gainz](/2oh0n0)  * [i liked the before better](/2o08dg)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/frugal** [[full report](/2ou7j7)]   ---* [the best time to buy airline tickets is on sunday 57 days in advance](/2oi9ng)  * [the incredible shrinking incomes of young americans](/2o9cv3)  * [my new toy to help me resist the urge to go out to eat!](/2o6ko1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/glitch_in_the_matrix** [[full report](/2ou4xc)]   ---* [my girlfriend never knew me](/2o08av)  * [my first glitch story. happened yesterday into this morning.](/2ojyuq)  * [i think something wants us to be friends...](/2oaqhc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/internetisbeautiful** [[full report](/2ou5d5)]   ---* [distance from earth to mars represented using pixels](/2o9f1k)  * [cosmic symbolism!](/2omi6q)  * [an online spiralgraph generator!](/2o7e39)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mechanicalkeyboards** [[full report](/2ouegf)]   ---* [full metal poker ii](/2oke58)  * [put granite on my poker ii last night! :d](/2o6r0h)  * [good guy logitech](/2odelq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minecraft** [[full report](/2oud40)]   ---* [fishing logic](/2o096m)  * [after years of playing minecraft on a bad computer at 20fps, then getting a new pc.](/2ogf5d)  * [a dwarf fortress render](/2o9dzb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/multihub** [[full report](/2ou3xb)]   ---* [(nsfw) all of the bdsm subreddits!](/2olnd3)  * [anything and everything milf](/2o7yx5)  * [getting laid off for the first time and just bought a new chromebook](/2ofz1z)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nfl** [[full report](/2ouo4o)]   ---* [update: bears fan stabbed last night was actually stabbed by other bears fans for saying something nice about the packers](/2ofjsv)  * [for today's game vs washington, jeff fisher sent the players the rams got in the draft day trade to do the coin toss](/2ol3vo)  * [tom brady says blame cbs, nbc for showing his frequent use of curse words](/2onj2o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nosleep** [[full report](/2oubud)]   ---* [copper canyon](/2oeaai)  * [i think the military still uses their 'abandoned' bases. or at least, something does.](/2oh8vv)  * [who, or what, was in my house...](/2o1rro)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nottheonion** [[full report](/2ou8z7)]   ---* [at&amp;amp;t wants to know why a town is building a 1gbps network when it already offers 6mbps dsl](/2o7lt6)  * [gta5 fans launch petition to force target to change its violent name and logo](/2occ7w)  * [south korea plans to put up a christmas tree, north korea has threatened to bomb it.](/2o42p6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/philosophy** [[full report](/2ou55v)]   ---* [living in a computer simulation should have no bearing on our existence and how we find meaning in life.](/2olra0)  * [is a break in conciousness equivelant to death?](/2o1iiv)  * [introduction to philosophy of science: a series of 11 lectures by professor paul hoyningen-huene at leibniz universitt hannover, winter term 2010.](/2o9w3d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sexyness** [[full report](/2ou3re)]   ---* [alexis naiomi](/2o9njb)  * [nicola peltz (via /r/girlswithgreeneyes)](/2oni0p)  * [nr: cute scarf!](/2onhud)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/supplements** [[full report](/2ou4c9)]   ---* [indonesia has a male birth control pill that is 99% effective (gendarussa)](/2o5pba)  * [thoughts on labdoor's multivitamin rankings?](/2od12a)  * [cannibal ferox 3.0 review](/2o1336)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/todayilearned** [[full report](/2ouiqn)]   ---* [til dr. kelsey, despite immense pressure from pharmaceutical companies, decided not to approve thalidomide for morning sickness in the u.s., saving a whole generation of children from death and deformities](/2olwi8)  * [til after hurricane ike in 2008, comcast customers were billed for unreturned equipment that had been destroyed by the hurricane. customers were charged as much as $1000 for failing to return modems, dvrs, and other equipment that had been lost or destroyed.](/2ogguh)  * [til of the death of pfc lavena johnson, who was found dead in 2005 at a base in balad, iraq. initially ruled a suicide, an autopsy revealed she a broken nose, black eye, loose teeth, and burns from corrosive chemicals on her genitals. the army has refused to reopen the case.](/2oaf4a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/torontoraptors** [[full report](/2ou3ff)]   ---* [kyle lowry career high 39pts upvote party](/2o88ne)  * [nba: kyle lowry named eastern conference player of the week! (lamarcus aldridge in the west)](/2ooexh)  * [tracy mcgrady to be honoured by raptors on friday at cavs game](/2oa283)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trollxchromosomes** [[full report](/2oujsx)]   ---* [mrw i found and questioned my husband about the bbq sauce in his car, and he replied with "you have emergency car mascara, i have emergency bbq sauce."](/2o9cih)  * [this is life changing.](/2ocq8h)  * [my life, trolls.](/2ob232)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/underreportednews** [[full report](/2ou3ms)]   ---* [unarmed black man shot dead by police in phoenix mistaking pill bottle f...](/2olrqp)  * [release of six detainees after twelve years highlights the historic evil of guantnamo](/2om6sh)  * [a revolution of life  interview with saleh muslim ( the politics of the kurdish faction in syria )](/2ohmz7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wowthissubexists** [[full report](/2ou44w)]   ---* [/r/mealtimevideos -&amp;gt; you know when you sit down for a meal in front of the computer and you just need something new to watch for a bit while you eat? but while you're eating, you don't want to be constantly fumbling around with the mouse, loading video after video. welcome to /r/mealtimevideos.](/2ogi2h)  * [/r/smash/ - a subreddit that can't seem to decide whether its about the nbc tv show or the popular nintendo videogame](/2o0gi9)  * [/r/infiniteloop does exactly that.](/2o2ub7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i learned this in debate practice. when you aren't moving your mouth, your tongue is forced to work harder. when you practice like this you can talk a lot more clearly when you're presenting yourself.edit: if you're wondering why my title makes no sense its because  this is my first post in this subreddit and i thought you put the subject of your topic first then separate it from your explanation with a dash. i was also typing on a phone so there were some syntax errors.++$++14
i nearly fell. i was having the strongest urge i had yet to have and i kept justifying one more step toward pmo. i got to the p website and was browsing. i was so close to defeat. i figured that i had come too far to turn back but i realized that type of thinking was what would always hold me back. so i decided that it wasn't too late and shut my phone off and took a cold shower. i learned that no matter how far you have gone, its never too late to turn around.++$++18
hello, my first time to this subreddit. i am looking for good controller that are used for driving and flying. mostly prefer flying type. i don't know which is cheap and amazing useful for pc. i am completely awkward on flying with keyboard and mouse. is it called joystick or something? please help :)++$++21
i started rowing again on the erg and i recently bought a heart rate monitor. i usually row for long distance or time. usually i row for an hour straight and my heart rate starts at about 125 and moves up to 175-180 near the end of the hour. i try and keep pace maybe pull a little harder near the hour. someone told me that i should be keeping my heart rate around 155 for long exercise so i would maximize my aerobic training. i try and push myself but i don't feel like i am pushing it too hard at all when i gradually move up to 175. i don't understand how a higher heart rate is not as beneficial as maintaining it at 155. shouldn't it be more beneficial to maintain a higher rate? if someone can explain how heart rates work with different exercise i would appreciate it. a friend that is in pt told me different heart rates target different improvements fitnesswise. goals - dropping to 180lbs  (i am 6'3, 200lbs), getting inhuman endurance back from rowing++$++24
the urges got me. i forgot all my reasons for wanting to quit. does anyone else have this memory blank when they are having urges? i feel so discouraged. i was so on fire and motivated and i was just struck dead in my progress and have to start all over. advice ?++$++18
i owned a house with my ex-wife until around june this year. we divorced and she took over the mortgage, and i signed off of it (whatever the term is). i'm just wondering if there's anything special i need to do regarding the mortgage/interest with my taxes coming up?++$++24
have a code for this game and i'm not a moba guy so make me an offer. the offer doesn't even have to be equal value.++$++16
all those sports anime about hard work and determination... and bakuman...++$++14
we've done it!upvotes all around!++$++21
looking to get a used car, instead of buying outright, i was thinking of getting a loan to build credit.if needed i can buy the car in cash, without hurting my reserves, but id like to build my credit.looking at about 2%-3% apr, is it worth it?++$++23
i have a $50 code for infinite crisis that i would like to go to someone who plays and enjoys the game, but i would like to be able to get something out of it as well. i've made posts on /r/trade and /r/softwareswap but have gotten no responses. i would only ask for an equal or lesser value war thunder code, world of tanks code or something on steam.++$++16
the pirat bey shutdown.++$++23
i scored 91% on the neckbeard test above my peers. i just like to laugh at neckbeards like myself.++$++17
i'm curious when you told people you were expecting. at what point and who? did you announce it in waves?my dh and i are in a weird place. due with our first late august,  ua not until december 31. but we are moving into our new house next weekend and i'm high risk so he wants to tell his mom and brothers as they are helping us move and i'm banned from lifting. we spend a lot of time with this group of people. family dinners 3x weekly and our new house is less than 5 min away. we are also horrible at keeping secrets.thus, the great debate...edit: we are going to tell his mom and brothers at dinner tomorrow night. it's better safe than sorry. thank you so much for everyone's input, it helped a lot! &lt;3++$++31
i just started rowing again i do 3x a week usually friday saturday and sunday 50 minutes each day. figured i could use some variation in workouts and maybe some shorter workouts i can do after work during the week. don't have as much time after work as i do on the weekends++$++24
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* an anonymous wikipedia user from an ip address that is registered to united states senate has tried, and failed, to remove a phrase with the word "torture" from the website's article on the senate intelligence committee's blockbuster cia torture report, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2owgol/an_anonymous_wikipedia_user_from_an_ip_address/)**  * pope to shoppers: "don't buy products made by modern-day slaves, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ox2il/pope_to_shoppers_dont_buy_products_made_by/)**  * did the cia go rogue after 9/11? -- the senate intelligence report raises painful questions about who watches the watchers., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ou9fs/did_the_cia_go_rogue_after_911_the_senate/)**  * richmond police chief participates in protest against police violence, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2ovidu/richmond_police_chief_participates_in_protest/)**  * tim berners-lee: we must take to the streets to protect the open web, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ouu6n/tim_bernerslee_we_must_take_to_the_streets_to/)**  * michael jordan's fake pass., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ovv1r/michael_jordans_fake_pass/)**  * can a wife with dementia say yes to sex?, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ovbbo/can_a_wife_with_dementia_say_yes_to_sex/)**  * microsoft continues fight against overseas servers being searched by us government - neowin, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2owjvc/microsoft_continues_fight_against_overseas/)**  * wtf is going on with /r/videos?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ou43b/wtf_is_going_on_with_rvideos/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk this list of the 100 most useful websites!, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ououb/ysk_this_list_of_the_100_most_useful_websites/)**  * how exactly did comets deliver 326 million trillion gallons of water to earth?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2ow60u/how_exactly_did_comets_deliver_326_million/)**  * eli5: i woke up 5 minutes before my alarm and decided to close my eyes. fell back asleep for what seemed like an hour but only a minute had passed. why did it feel like so long?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2otzux/eli5_i_woke_up_5_minutes_before_my_alarm_and/)**  * til that a german art student illuminated and bound the entire silmarillion by hand like a 21st-century monastic scribe as his final project., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ovki3/til_that_a_german_art_student_illuminated_and/)**  * reddit was hit with massive account+subreddit creation spam for three days during november 2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2ovpmb/reddit_was_hit_with_massive_accountsubreddit/)**  * how to coil up a 100' extension cord. storage and future use is simple., *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2oucta/how_to_coil_up_a_100_extension_cord_storage_and/)**  * is there a reason why every continent begins and ends with the letter a, except europe?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ov7q9/is_there_a_reason_why_every_continent_begins_and/)**  * top 10 deadliest snipers in history, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ov4dc/top_10_deadliest_snipers_in_history/)**  * gerenuk is a weird african antelope species that has an elongated neck and unusually pointed snout. unlike other antelopes, it can also stand only on its hind limbs to reach upper leaves of trees and shrubs., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ov2en/gerenuk_is_a_weird_african_antelope_species_that/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: it's better to use a "boring" word that's 100% correct than a five dollar word that isn't quite right., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ou6g0/lpt_its_better_to_use_a_boring_word_thats_100/)**  * from skinny to fit - my transformation from 160lb to 250lb also ama and who wants to lift in san diego?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ow3v7/from_skinny_to_fit_my_transformation_from_160lb/)**  * [image] not gonna lie, reddit totally helps us with this., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ouzgp/image_not_gonna_lie_reddit_totally_helps_us_with/)**  * my wife's simple approach to fix garbage bags that don't fit tight enough and fall inside in the container., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2ovrff/my_wifes_simple_approach_to_fix_garbage_bags_that/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* "smart" prosthetic skin takes us one step closer to functional prosthetic hands., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2ouxek/smart_prosthetic_skin_takes_us_one_step_closer_to/)**  * imperial college scientist found dead after not meeting his "grant income target"., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ovdez/imperial_college_scientist_found_dead_after_not/)**  * rosetta results: comets 'did not bring water to earth', *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ow4ce/rosetta_results_comets_did_not_bring_water_to/)**  * how to measure plancks constant using lego, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ovvet/how_to_measure_plancks_constant_using_lego/)**  * an album of my astronomy images with some discussion of equipment and cameras., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2outcd/an_album_of_my_astronomy_images_with_some/)**  * we stopped dreaming (neil degrasse tyson) parts 1 + 2, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ougkp/we_stopped_dreaming_neil_degrasse_tyson_parts_1_2/)**  * the nordic capitals drawn to a uniform scale (1935) [5393 x 4436], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2outij/the_nordic_capitals_drawn_to_a_uniform_scale_1935/)**  * why bad software succeeds, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ovtk7/why_bad_software_succeeds/)**  * the odroid-c1, a 35$ quadcore linux computer, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2ov5v1/the_odroidc1_a_35_quadcore_linux_computer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what quote always gives you chills?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ouhbb/what_quote_always_gives_you_chills/)**  * iama wildlife photographer in the peruvian amazon. i've found all sorts of cool stuff, most recently a predatory glow worm. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ovg4x/iama_wildlife_photographer_in_the_peruvian_amazon/)**  * i was a teenager in the late 70's, during a more fun and carefree time. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ov5w4/i_was_a_teenager_in_the_late_70s_during_a_more/)**  * is it racist to find black women unattractive? /r/nsfw_gifs explores this well-trodden territory., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ovetn/is_it_racist_to_find_black_women_unattractive/)**  * the [6]+ of trees vs. /u/reddit4565 for grandtheft... i forget... oh yeah, grandtheft.jpg!, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2owno0/the_6_of_trees_vs_ureddit4565_for_grandtheft_i/)**  * /u/chokingvictim writes a hypothetical "told-you-so" message from wikipedia founder, if the site were to be shut down for lack of donations. it's hilarious and more compelling than any other appeal i've ever seen., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2ovm9k/uchokingvictim_writes_a_hypothetical_toldyouso/)**  * welcome drew, ryan, mike, daniel, joe, dave, &amp;amp; david!!!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2owj55/welcome_drew_ryan_mike_daniel_joe_dave_david/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ouine) /r/raidsecrets, /r/meme_graveyard, /r/oldpeoplefacebook, /r/melts, /r/nononono  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* vice news exclusive: the architect of the cia's interrogation methods. (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ow427/vice_news_exclusive_the_architect_of_the_cias/)**  * space camp (1986) lea thompson, joaquin phoenix, tate donovan, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ouz7h/space_camp_1986_lea_thompson_joaquin_phoenix_tate/)**  * a blink-and-you'll-miss-it homage to jackie chan, courtesy of edgar wright and simon pegg in the world's end., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ove0s/a_blinkandyoullmissit_homage_to_jackie_chan/)**  * lil dicky - white crime [rap comedy], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2ovs01/lil_dicky_white_crime_rap_comedy/)**  * brad sucks - making me nervous [pop/electronic], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ow7w2/brad_sucks_making_me_nervous_popelectronic/)**  * how long does it take warren buffett to earn your annual income?, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2ovocw/how_long_does_it_take_warren_buffett_to_earn_your/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my friend's cat seeing it's first christmas tree plugged in, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2ovrf7/my_friends_cat_seeing_its_first_christmas_tree/)**  * mistaya canyon on the icefields parkway near banff, ontario, canada - photo i took over the summer [538x636], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2ow005/mistaya_canyon_on_the_icefields_parkway_near/)**  * canadian dr.'s reply to companies requiring medical note after sick day, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ow0ee/canadian_drs_reply_to_companies_requiring_medical/)**  * the stunning view of the milky way from nambung national park, western australia [oc][1200x801], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2ov5jc/the_stunning_view_of_the_milky_way_from_nambung/)**  * (x-post from r/truenorthpictures) midnight sun in nunavut, canada [oc][1620x1080], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2ov408/xpost_from_rtruenorthpictures_midnight_sun_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* king crimson - discipline, *from /r/progrockmusic* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/progrockmusic/comments/2ow9ta/king_crimson_discipline/)**  * motors on kayaks, *from /r/kayakfishing* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/kayakfishing/comments/2ovdm7/motors_on_kayaks/)**  * the best thing about working late at a gym., *from /r/bodybuilding* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/2owa7r/the_best_thing_about_working_late_at_a_gym/)**  * 7 things christians should know about torture, *from /r/conservatives* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/conservatives/comments/2ovfol/7_things_christians_should_know_about_torture/)**  * when someone asks what i'm planning for today, *from /r/highqualitygifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/highqualitygifs/comments/2ov34q/when_someone_asks_what_im_planning_for_today/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* now that the pirate bay is based at a .cr domain (costa rica), they truly are the pirates of the caribbean., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2ovr78/now_that_the_pirate_bay_is_based_at_a_cr_domain/)**  * listen to an mp3 while eating pop rocks for that authentic vinyl sound, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2ouqt7/listen_to_an_mp3_while_eating_pop_rocks_for_that/)**  * "the world is run by one million evil men, ten million stupid men, and a hundred million cowards." - gregory david roberts, shantaram, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ovjdi/the_world_is_run_by_one_million_evil_men_ten/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* an anonymous wikipedia user from an ip address that is registered to united states senate has tried, and failed, to remove a phrase with the word "torture" from the website's article on the senate intelligence committee's blockbuster cia torture report, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2owgol/an_anonymous_wikipedia_user_from_an_ip_address/)**  * pope to shoppers: "don't buy products made by modern-day slaves, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ox2il/pope_to_shoppers_dont_buy_products_made_by/)**  * did the cia go rogue after 9/11? -- the senate intelligence report raises painful questions about who watches the watchers., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ou9fs/did_the_cia_go_rogue_after_911_the_senate/)**  * richmond police chief participates in protest against police violence, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2ovidu/richmond_police_chief_participates_in_protest/)**  * tim berners-lee: we must take to the streets to protect the open web, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ouu6n/tim_bernerslee_we_must_take_to_the_streets_to/)**  * michael jordan's fake pass., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ovv1r/michael_jordans_fake_pass/)**  * can a wife with dementia say yes to sex?, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ovbbo/can_a_wife_with_dementia_say_yes_to_sex/)**  * microsoft continues fight against overseas servers being searched by us government - neowin, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2owjvc/microsoft_continues_fight_against_overseas/)**  * wtf is going on with /r/videos?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2ou43b/wtf_is_going_on_with_rvideos/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk this list of the 100 most useful websites!, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ououb/ysk_this_list_of_the_100_most_useful_websites/)**  * how exactly did comets deliver 326 million trillion gallons of water to earth?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2ow60u/how_exactly_did_comets_deliver_326_million/)**  * eli5: i woke up 5 minutes before my alarm and decided to close my eyes. fell back asleep for what seemed like an hour but only a minute had passed. why did it feel like so long?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2otzux/eli5_i_woke_up_5_minutes_before_my_alarm_and/)**  * til that a german art student illuminated and bound the entire silmarillion by hand like a 21st-century monastic scribe as his final project., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ovki3/til_that_a_german_art_student_illuminated_and/)**  * reddit was hit with massive account+subreddit creation spam for three days during november 2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2ovpmb/reddit_was_hit_with_massive_accountsubreddit/)**  * how to coil up a 100' extension cord. storage and future use is simple., *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2oucta/how_to_coil_up_a_100_extension_cord_storage_and/)**  * is there a reason why every continent begins and ends with the letter a, except europe?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ov7q9/is_there_a_reason_why_every_continent_begins_and/)**  * top 10 deadliest snipers in history, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ov4dc/top_10_deadliest_snipers_in_history/)**  * gerenuk is a weird african antelope species that has an elongated neck and unusually pointed snout. unlike other antelopes, it can also stand only on its hind limbs to reach upper leaves of trees and shrubs., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ov2en/gerenuk_is_a_weird_african_antelope_species_that/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: it's better to use a "boring" word that's 100% correct than a five dollar word that isn't quite right., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ou6g0/lpt_its_better_to_use_a_boring_word_thats_100/)**  * from skinny to fit - my transformation from 160lb to 250lb also ama and who wants to lift in san diego?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ow3v7/from_skinny_to_fit_my_transformation_from_160lb/)**  * [image] not gonna lie, reddit totally helps us with this., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ouzgp/image_not_gonna_lie_reddit_totally_helps_us_with/)**  * my wife's simple approach to fix garbage bags that don't fit tight enough and fall inside in the container., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2ovrff/my_wifes_simple_approach_to_fix_garbage_bags_that/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* "smart" prosthetic skin takes us one step closer to functional prosthetic hands., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2ouxek/smart_prosthetic_skin_takes_us_one_step_closer_to/)**  * imperial college scientist found dead after not meeting his "grant income target"., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ovdez/imperial_college_scientist_found_dead_after_not/)**  * rosetta results: comets 'did not bring water to earth', *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ow4ce/rosetta_results_comets_did_not_bring_water_to/)**  * how to measure plancks constant using lego, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ovvet/how_to_measure_plancks_constant_using_lego/)**  * an album of my astronomy images with some discussion of equipment and cameras., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2outcd/an_album_of_my_astronomy_images_with_some/)**  * we stopped dreaming (neil degrasse tyson) parts 1 + 2, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2ougkp/we_stopped_dreaming_neil_degrasse_tyson_parts_1_2/)**  * the nordic capitals drawn to a uniform scale (1935) [5393 x 4436], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2outij/the_nordic_capitals_drawn_to_a_uniform_scale_1935/)**  * why bad software succeeds, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ovtk7/why_bad_software_succeeds/)**  * the odroid-c1, a 35$ quadcore linux computer, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2ov5v1/the_odroidc1_a_35_quadcore_linux_computer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what quote always gives you chills?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ouhbb/what_quote_always_gives_you_chills/)**  * iama wildlife photographer in the peruvian amazon. i've found all sorts of cool stuff, most recently a predatory glow worm. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ovg4x/iama_wildlife_photographer_in_the_peruvian_amazon/)**  * i was a teenager in the late 70's, during a more fun and carefree time. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ov5w4/i_was_a_teenager_in_the_late_70s_during_a_more/)**  * is it racist to find black women unattractive? /r/nsfw_gifs explores this well-trodden territory., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ovetn/is_it_racist_to_find_black_women_unattractive/)**  * the [6]+ of trees vs. /u/reddit4565 for grandtheft... i forget... oh yeah, grandtheft.jpg!, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2owno0/the_6_of_trees_vs_ureddit4565_for_grandtheft_i/)**  * /u/chokingvictim writes a hypothetical "told-you-so" message from wikipedia founder, if the site were to be shut down for lack of donations. it's hilarious and more compelling than any other appeal i've ever seen., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2ovm9k/uchokingvictim_writes_a_hypothetical_toldyouso/)**  * welcome drew, ryan, mike, daniel, joe, dave, &amp;amp; david!!!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2owj55/welcome_drew_ryan_mike_daniel_joe_dave_david/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2ouine) /r/raidsecrets, /r/meme_graveyard, /r/oldpeoplefacebook, /r/melts, /r/nononono  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* vice news exclusive: the architect of the cia's interrogation methods. (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ow427/vice_news_exclusive_the_architect_of_the_cias/)**  * space camp (1986) lea thompson, joaquin phoenix, tate donovan, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ouz7h/space_camp_1986_lea_thompson_joaquin_phoenix_tate/)**  * a blink-and-you'll-miss-it homage to jackie chan, courtesy of edgar wright and simon pegg in the world's end., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ove0s/a_blinkandyoullmissit_homage_to_jackie_chan/)**  * lil dicky - white crime [rap comedy], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2ovs01/lil_dicky_white_crime_rap_comedy/)**  * brad sucks - making me nervous [pop/electronic], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ow7w2/brad_sucks_making_me_nervous_popelectronic/)**  * how long does it take warren buffett to earn your annual income?, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2ovocw/how_long_does_it_take_warren_buffett_to_earn_your/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my friend's cat seeing it's first christmas tree plugged in, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2ovrf7/my_friends_cat_seeing_its_first_christmas_tree/)**  * mistaya canyon on the icefields parkway near banff, ontario, canada - photo i took over the summer [538x636], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2ow005/mistaya_canyon_on_the_icefields_parkway_near/)**  * canadian dr.'s reply to companies requiring medical note after sick day, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ow0ee/canadian_drs_reply_to_companies_requiring_medical/)**  * the stunning view of the milky way from nambung national park, western australia [oc][1200x801], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2ov5jc/the_stunning_view_of_the_milky_way_from_nambung/)**  * (x-post from r/truenorthpictures) midnight sun in nunavut, canada [oc][1620x1080], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2ov408/xpost_from_rtruenorthpictures_midnight_sun_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* king crimson - discipline, *from /r/progrockmusic* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/progrockmusic/comments/2ow9ta/king_crimson_discipline/)**  * motors on kayaks, *from /r/kayakfishing* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/kayakfishing/comments/2ovdm7/motors_on_kayaks/)**  * the best thing about working late at a gym., *from /r/bodybuilding* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/2owa7r/the_best_thing_about_working_late_at_a_gym/)**  * 7 things christians should know about torture, *from /r/conservatives* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/conservatives/comments/2ovfol/7_things_christians_should_know_about_torture/)**  * when someone asks what i'm planning for today, *from /r/highqualitygifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/highqualitygifs/comments/2ov34q/when_someone_asks_what_im_planning_for_today/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* now that the pirate bay is based at a .cr domain (costa rica), they truly are the pirates of the caribbean., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2ovr78/now_that_the_pirate_bay_is_based_at_a_cr_domain/)**  * listen to an mp3 while eating pop rocks for that authentic vinyl sound, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2ouqt7/listen_to_an_mp3_while_eating_pop_rocks_for_that/)**  * "the world is run by one million evil men, ten million stupid men, and a hundred million cowards." - gregory david roberts, shantaram, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ovjdi/the_world_is_run_by_one_million_evil_men_ten/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
t seems to be a hot job field right now, and from the outside looking in, it looks good. i have a general interest in how things get made, where it comes from where it's going. i have mild ocd when it comes to inefficiency, it gives me great satisfaction to make things run smoother and more efficiently. great communication skills and a team player. a lot of the soft skills. but i don't have any computer skills whatsoever other than googling how to figure things out.just wondering what the job is really like day to day. what type of candidate does an employer look for? how smart do you have to be? i'm clever, but not engineering level smart. how much would that limit me? with globalization continually increasing, will jobs in logistics follow that trend? how competitive is the job market? is there any risk of job losses from automation?i'm 26 years old and in toronto canada if it helps. what should i be doing to pursue a career in this field.++$++26
should i wait until i finish my reboot? or go amount of days? basically i am doing hardmode (unless its real sex) but i have not even touch my penis other than shower/bathroom. i read that guys should go atleast 50 days before they have sex because if the reboot. any tips?++$++19
if elizabeth short was murdered in a field how is she haunting the murder house? sorry if this question is obvious, i'm kinda drunk and rewatching the first season.++$++19
some that lese healp me to the kitchen i need ramen nuodles++$++19
i understand i have been denied access to ranked games. i have acted childish, but why in gods name do i have to win all the draft games?like what is the point? i am playing with 2-3 tier lower players, who are trolling and trying new stuff? then again sometimes i play close games and lose. they feel not so rewarding. i understand the system is for these players who get restricted from ranked games and go to troll the draft games to gain access to ranked again. but why do i have to win all these 33 games when i have never trolled a  single ranked game in my life. i am tryharding like nothing else.++$++19
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on thursday.  **report period:**   wednesday, december 03, 2014 through tuesday, december 09, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anime** [[full report](/2oycc5)]   ---* [anime for older audiences](/2o3zz6)  * [neither of us are religious but the tree looked funny with nothing so...](/2oa33b)  * [[cosplay] perfect couples do exist (gekkan shoujo nozaki-kun)](/2o7qfe)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askreddit** [[full report](/2oymyc)]   ---* [married people... what did you not find out about your so until after you got married?](/2o7c4x)  * [reddit, what is your favorite "dead" website?](/2o90y2)  * [if there were a milder version of hell called "heck", what kinds of things would you expect to happen there?](/2oolg7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/buddhism** [[full report](/2oy2rw)]   ---* ["if for company you cannot find a wise and prudent friend who leads a good life, then, like a king who leaves behind a conquered kingdom, or like a lone elephant in the elephant forest, you should go your way alone. live alone and do no evil; be carefree like an elephant in the elephant forest."](/2ojlgp)  * [birthplace of shakyamuni buddha (lumbini, nepal)](/2or12p)  * [it's taken me quite a while but i finally finished my painting. hope you all like it!](/2olf2k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlebroke** [[full report](/2oy02h)]   ---* [actual advice mallard: never buy attractive women drinks, ever. they're bitches.](/2oo3fa)  * [/r/getmotivated is reddit's least motivated community.](/2of8kt)  * [/r/nottheonion laments the decline and fall of western civilization; why can't academia be more awesome, like chris rock and george carlin? why can't everyone be as honest and funny as george carlin? dae miss george carlin?](/2o30ie)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/coolgithubprojects** [[full report](/2oxzuv)]   ---* [tiled: general purpose tile map editor](/2og8w1)  * [blocked youtube player - for watching youtube when it is blocked.](/2ojkej)  * [musicmood - a machine learning approach to classify music by mood based on song lyrics.](/2oleq2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/foodforthought** [[full report](/2oy1u3)]   ---* [being a cop showed me just how racist and violent the police are. theres only one fix.](/2ol11q)  * [the college rape overcorrection: campus sexual assault is a serious problem. but the efforts to protect women are infringing on the rights of men.](/2oneem)  * [the rape of men: the darkest secret of war.](/2og8zz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/games** [[full report](/2oy8nv)]   ---* [world premiere - zelda](/2ofomp)  * [ralph baer, 'father of video games,' passes away](/2okyom)  * [witcher 3 delayed until may 19th](/2onmgq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewildaudio** [[full report](/2oy43a)]   ---* [[f4m] nurse eve is here to give you some tlc...tender, loving, cunt....[doctor's orders][let me de-stress you][blowjob][pussy fingering][little nurse uniform and stockings!][69][facesitting][squirting][riding your cock][porninprotest]](/2obbdx)  * [[f4m] my blood elf shadow priest is lfg and i need a deep, hard fucking [blowjob] [fucking] [wet sounds] [begging] [world of warcraft]](/2oajjs)  * [[f4m] the craigslist couch [strangers][big tits][tit fuck][sloppy blowjob][spitting]](/2o44l4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/imaginarycityscapes** [[full report](/2oxzyk)]   ---* [yokohama city by ka92](/2od9ig)  * [earthscrapers by izaak moody (x-post from /r/imaginarylandscapes)](/2oo50w)  * [virtual revolution by jeff brown](/2orb9l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/jokes** [[full report](/2oyb47)]   ---* [we should've known about the failure of communism](/2o9fln)  * [on his 74th birthday, a man got a gift certificate from his wife...](/2oebju)  * [i have a bumper sticker that says, "honk if you think i'm sexy"...](/2oir42)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mapporn** [[full report](/2oy382)]   ---* [world map in the manner of piet mondrian [948730]](/2ocwh3)  * [very detailed map of the roman empire in the year 211 ce, sources in comments [oc] [4707x3333]](/2osa8m)  * [all the streams in australia, and nothing else. [oc] [3372x2386]](/2o4any)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mensrights** [[full report](/2oy62o)]   ---* [a couple divorce in 1992, the wife has 2 children with another man. the first husband is poor and lives in a van for 3 years. in 1995 he starts a wind turbine business and it ends up worth 57 million. the wife is now suing for 2 million. he made all his money years after they got divorced.](/2ooqjy)  * [women are more likely to be physically aggressive towards their partners than men--british psychological society's division of forensic psychology annual conference in glasgow](/2ojlpq)  * [so this is what the feminists at my school are up to](/2o9inj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/newreddits** [[full report](/2oy2au)]   ---* [in thailand, it is illegal to criticize the king. so, somebody made a subreddit decicated to insulting the king of thailand](/2om8rr)  * [what's my job?  the object of this subreddit is to post a picture of yourself and have redditors try to guess your profession.](/2oa9mk)  * [/r/randomactsofchristmas an amazing place where you can help less fortunate children have a christmas!   ](/2oqhyk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nhl** [[full report](/2oy0y6)]   ---* [oil price $ vs oilers winning %](/2odkc0)  * [this is a sick assist (gif)](/2oot3f)  * [guy lafleur kneeling in front of mr. jean beliveau's casket.](/2or1sn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sex** [[full report](/2oy9zd)]   ---* [reversible vasectomy gel... making progress!](/2odz8b)  * [remember that ban on certain sex acts in uk porn? here is a petition against it](/2o96ig)  * [videos for a better sex life?](/2o65hk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitredditsays** [[full report](/2oy17x)]   ---* ["the outcry over eric garners death seems much more legitimate, but it's cheapened by the people trying to tie him in with a thug like michael brown." [+582]](/2on6kh)  * [on ferguson protesters: "move along kids. the same old, same old its not our fault. poor us. fuck the white man because he is the only reason i don't have an education." [+95]](/2o97f5)  * [[effort] success kid gets posted in advice animals (one by a woman, one by a man). compare and contrast.](/2ogwz1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/standupcomedy** [[full report](/2oy0fg)]   ---* [fox news regular betsy hart writes moshe kasher to say she didn't like his act. he responds in hilarious fashion. [laughspin]](/2oe2zf)  * [bill burr wants charities out of sports - conan](/2ogene)  * [dave chappelle - how old is 15 really? a classic bit by a legend](/2oc8xc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/subredditdrama** [[full report](/2oy4vg)]   ---* [redditor loses financial company a six figure deal when talking to a client about bitcoin. gets fired. posts to /r/bitcoin. response is less than sympathetic.](/2or2b2)  * [spoiler alert: someone in /r/til is angry that a user posted spoilers for a show that went off the air in 2002](/2o65w0)  * [here's the thing. you said a "movie is a film". /r/askreddit discusses the difference between a movie and a film.](/2o3t14)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ufos** [[full report](/2oy1f1)]   ---* [something filmed firing possible thrusters in front of moon](/2oktnc)  * [my program that detects possible ufo's and records videos is now available for download](/2ode4r)  * [aliens visited earth in the 19th century according to japanese folk tale, say ufologists](/2o346v)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldnews** [[full report](/2oyeg2)]   ---* [nasa officially announces manned mars mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter.](/2o76tv)  * [orion deep space capsule launches.](/2ocvqh)  * [mass surveillance exposed by snowden not justified by fight against terrorism - report by nils muinieks, commissioner for human rights at the council of europe, says secret, massive and indiscriminate intelligence work is contrary to rule of law](/2onbr9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldpowers** [[full report](/2oy78g)]   ---* [[modpost] activity requirements are relaxed effective dec 1 2014 to jan 1 2015.](/2ok2kg)  * [[event] the end is nigh!](/2o9yjs)  * [[modpost] attention: please stop brigading thefallenhero's posts. we are a better community than this.](/2ofe8w)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i've been to a couple leafs games at the acc where i was fortunate enough to sit close enough to the ice where they have fancypants food/drink service coming to your seats.i'm going to a game at the canadian tire centre and will be sitting 3 rows up, do they have something similar there? it's for a bachelor party so the more drinking and less going to kiosks the better. :)++$++86
[here is the only video i could find of someone with the same problem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihh3pqhn7ge#t=25) any bass at all sounds like this.i just got these headphones yesterday for $70 and so far i'm not really liking them. the sound quality is sub par compared to my old ones and it uses a usb cabal that i have to wrap around my monitor/neck because it's on the wrong side.my question is can the sound problem be fixed? i can't find anyone else with a similar problem.++$++17
hello!after a few months of back pain, a friend suggested i see a chiropractor, who took xrays that seemed to show my spine being rather tweaked. i was shocked when he showed me, and i asked to take a picture of them but he said he would just give me a cd of them (i admit i thought it was suspicious that he wouldn't let me take a pic or get them emailed, but that might be my suspiciousness that chiropractic "medicine" is a total crock). i picked up the disc and popped it in my mac, but all the files are coming up as unix executable files, which some research shows is what mac names anything it can't read. a mac forums answer said renaming the extension might make it possible to open, so i added .jpg to it (sorry if that's the dumbest thing ever) but obviously that didn't work. is there anything i can do to open these files? i'm starting to believe these "xrays" are bullshit and that's why he didn't want me to take them home in the first place. here are some screenshots of what the files/folders look like:http://i.imgur.com/v6ejjew.pngand one of what happens when i click on the onyx lite icon:http://i.imgur.com/bojbr1m.pnghope you can help, thanks!++$++24
my origin is deafgamerducky. please add me for chat in multiplayer since there is still no text chat system. i hate have to do this but what can i do about it? so please add me and lets play! i can go support role as keeper. having ability to type is required. i require team work.++$++21
the worst part of this started on monday. before, i don't really know if i felt bad in any way. because compared to how i feel now, everything seems wonderful.i feel like shit. and every day it gets worse. i can not sleep. i can not eat. in the past three days, i slept for about under 10 hours in total. i ate only about 3000 calories worth of food. i have many friends i like, and they like me. i have several projects going on. but i still feel isolated. i started to skip classes. these are mandatory, so i have to make up an valid excuse every time. i can not meet deadlines. i am out of motivation to do pretty much anything. i can work only when around other people who kinda push me into it. by myself, i can't do shit. i can't really describe how i feel. but it's just horrible. i want to cry, but i can't. i stood in a bathroom, i don't know if it was 5 minutes or an hour. arms wrapped tightly around my body, biting on a towel. my whole body was shaking. but i could not cry.right now, i should be doing a research project for a debate tournament i am going to next week. i had the whole week to do it, the deadline was few hours ago.i can't think of any event that could have caused this. it just came suddenly.___as i am writing this, i realize few more things. i smoked weed pretty much every day for the last two months. i decided to take a break again, for two reasons: it was expensive; and i felt it 'fucked up my life'. but i can't think of any ways it objectively did any harm to anything i do. i always managed to keep doing stuff i did in the non-smoking times.i now realize that for the last few weeks, i did not smoke for fun anymore. i got high to escape every minor problem i had. i first thought it's all because the sudden lack of thc. because similar things happened to me the last two times i did this - smoke for a few months, than few months sober. both times it was a bit of a struggle. but nothing compared to what i'm going through now. i was actually trying to quit for the last few weeks. many times, but i always relapsed. again, this did not happen anytime before. i tried to quit because the percieved problems weed was causing me. ___i don't really know what do i expect of this post. i don't even know what do i want in life. i don't know any single thing that could make me happy now....++$++18
i hope this thread isn't out of place here. i  was wondering if any current eo faithful that have converted from the catholic church could share their reasons for conversion. was it based on the theology? or the liturgy? the practices? what motivated you to make that big decision? also, which orthodox jurisdiction did you join?i am a catholic of the roman tradition, born of catholic parents. for the last couple months i have been struggling to maintain faith in the catholic church, in particular to a number of the doctrines, some of which do not seem to make sense to me; rather, the orthodox view and tradition makes much more sense to me in a lot of cases. one particular case which comes up a lot is the doctrine of the immaculate conception of the bvm which seems to me to contradict with christ's role in salvation; the doctrine of the guilt from original sin also seems backwards. as i said i have been teeter tottering between orthodoxy and catholicism, and even though i consider myself catholic i find myself agreeing and stating the orthodox view on a lot of theology. on the liturgical side, i grow tired of the modern mass whchi is more reminiscent (in my parish) of a protestant church than that of the original church. the one in the cathedral is a little better but i still find the divine liturgy much more solemn and respectful than the way mass is usually conducted.thanks for your attention and i hope you can share you experiences with me.++$++20
ultimate truth of one piece universe.++$++23
thank you for helping me through all this shit i have to cope with through my day to day life.thank you for being my shoulder to cry on and my hand to hold whenever i need someone.thank you for standing up for yourself and allowing me to learn from my mistakes to be better for myself and for you.thank you for coming and seeing me when you should be working for lunch or even just cuddles.thank you for persevering with shitty circumstances of only seeing me every fortnight and living miles away from each other.thank you for dealing with my anxiety attacks and how spontaneous my mood swings are.thank you for the big bag of chocolate you bought me while i was on my period to cheer me up and make me feel better.thank you for that advice that makes me feel so much better and so much more alive than i would without it.thank you for the skype calls where you act so silly that i start to blush and tell you off when really you know i love it.thank you for having the most beautiful personality i've ever had the pleasure to cherish in my life.thank you for being so adorable i get butterflies every time i see a picture of you or every time i hear your voice.thank you for being so incredibly funny and optimistic that you can brighten even the worst of my days.thank you for the perfect little things like "goodnight" texts and forehead kisses.thank you for loving me back just as much as i love you, if not even moreso.thank you for being you, and for being in my life.whether you're here for 5 more days or 5 more years or even for the rest of my life, i will never forget the positive impact you've had on my life. i adore you.&lt;3++$++17
i am starting pete plan on sunday and i know at some point soon the workouts are not going to be easy anymore. when i get to that point the first thing i want to do is quit and change workout plans. including personal experiences, what are some ways to overcome this mental block and stay motivated?++$++24
i decided to start learning php for back-end programming language because most of the jobs in my area are php openings. however, i'm afraid that in a year or 2 from now when i'll want to jump to another position (like for example junior software engineer using python or java).what i'm worrying is that if i take the first step towards php i might get stuck in a place where anyone who's reading my cv would say "but you only have php + laravel experience, despite that you're learning python, c or java in your free time".is that a legitimate concern or am i just overthinking it?++$++33
briar cliff was turned into an asylum in 1962, while the events of freakshow are in 1952 (i think). though they probably will have major continuity errors considering mary eunice not only wasn't a nun in 1952, but she was also just a teenager. back then she would be skinny dipping! lol++$++19
any vendors willing to make a puerto rico? it looks easy as piss, not in the bar book, and still has to be accepted within the us. all the spanish people could get it.++$++16
hello there everyone; please forgive me because i know all i post to this sub is questions upon questions; but i am very confused. i appreciate your help..i posted this to the eastern orthodoxy sub but i have to also do so here to get both "sides" of the argument. i am a catholic of the roman tradition, born of catholic parents. for the last couple months i have been struggling to maintain faith in the catholic church, in particular to a number of the doctrines, some of which do not seem to make sense to me; rather, the orthodox view and tradition makes much more sense to me in a lot of cases. one particular case which comes up a lot is the doctrine of the immaculate conception of the bvm which seems to me to contradict with christ's role in salvation; the doctrine of the guilt from original sin also seems backwards. please do not ask me if i have "read about it"; because i have; simply reading about it doesn't make it any more logical to me. as i said i have been teeter tottering between orthodoxy and catholicism, and even though i consider myself catholic i find myself agreeing and stating the orthodox view on a lot of theology. on the liturgical side, i grow tired of the modern mass which is more reminiscent (in my parish) of a protestant church than that of the original church. there are no eastern rite parishes in my area; and the ef is also a bit far. the mass in the cathedral is a little better but i still find the divine liturgy much more solemn and respectful than the way mass is usually conducted.i was wondering if any current catholics that have converted from the orthodox church could share their reasons for conversion. was it based on the theology? or the liturgy? the practices? what motivated you to make that big decision? also, which rite did you join?thanks for your attention and i hope you can share you experiences with me. truth is i don't want to leave my church; i'm very scared of leaving even though i have this nagging feeling that i should. just the thought that i couldn't go to any of the catholic parishes i go to for mass (even though its gotten all christian rock-like), that the closest large community or cathedral in would be in a whole other continent; that i'd lose all contact with my catholic family and friends is scary. yet i feel like a hypocrite in a church where i disagree with so much.thanks for your attention and i hope you can share you experiences with me.++$++20
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* drug raid in rural georgia ends in a homeowner dead, no drugs found, and no police punished., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2oyyxj/drug_raid_in_rural_georgia_ends_in_a_homeowner/)**  * canada just made it legal for police to search your cellphone without a warrant upon arrest., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ozh22/canada_just_made_it_legal_for_police_to_search/)**  * outgoing colorado senator: 'the cia is lying': on senate floor, udall blasts continued torture cover-up, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2oz24z/outgoing_colorado_senator_the_cia_is_lying_on/)**  * nice lady spends her weekends cooking a full roast dinner for 40+ shelter dogs, every single week. she says they deserve "a bit of home"., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2oyy6n/nice_lady_spends_her_weekends_cooking_a_full/)**  * us stops paying northern syrian rebel salaries, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2oyag3/us_stops_paying_northern_syrian_rebel_salaries/)**  * mpaa prepares to bring site blocking to the us - "a large meeting consisting of more than two dozen studio executives took place in october to discuss all aspects of site-blocking. a senior engineer from comcast was also invited.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ozf2c/mpaa_prepares_to_bring_site_blocking_to_the_us_a/)**  * jason williams' elbow pass., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ozo0r/jason_williams_elbow_pass/)**  * texas bill would ban "affluenza" defense, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2oz4c3/texas_bill_would_ban_affluenza_defense/)**  * sony pictures entertainment is fighting back. sources: sony pictures using aws to execute denial-of-service attack on sites where its stolen data is available, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2oyxbd/sony_pictures_entertainment_is_fighting_back/)**  * whats with the "javert" gifs?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2oyilv/whats_with_the_javert_gifs/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk there's a website that lets you read free copies of magazines, sortable by category (such as "computers"), *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2oz1r6/ysk_theres_a_website_that_lets_you_read_free/)**  * what's the point of linear algebra?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2ozkcv/whats_the_point_of_linear_algebra/)**  * eli5: why is there so much variation in hair and eye colour in people of european heritage?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2oznmw/eli5_why_is_there_so_much_variation_in_hair_and/)**  * til george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made, as they could be confused with actual star wars toys., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p031z/til_george_lucas_gave_mel_brooks_his_blessing_to/)**  * data is sometimes disturbing: interactive map showing botched police raids in the us since 1985., *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2ozjpg/data_is_sometimes_disturbing_interactive_map/)**  * how to find micro-meteorites!, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p008l/how_to_find_micrometeorites/)**  * why do all homeless people have such well behaved dogs?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ozd30/why_do_all_homeless_people_have_such_well_behaved/)**  * interesting historical photos, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ozndh/interesting_historical_photos/)**  * amazonian royal flycatcher uses its spectacular plumage to attract females and compete with other males, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ozmji/amazonian_royal_flycatcher_uses_its_spectacular/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: train your children to write a thank-you letter before they cash a check or spend money given as a gift., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2oypi1/lpt_train_your_children_to_write_a_thankyou/)**  * what are some ways you make chicken more interesting?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2oz6ny/what_are_some_ways_you_make_chicken_more/)**  * [video] will smith work ethic. my go-to video for motivation., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2oz10q/video_will_smith_work_ethic_my_goto_video_for/)**  * keurig 2.0 hack. use the pods you want., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2p06u4/keurig_20_hack_use_the_pods_you_want/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* morning work start times should be delayed to ensure adults get an adequate amount of sleep, according to a new study. for every hour that work started later in the morning, sleep time increased by approximately 20 minutes., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p0a7u/morning_work_start_times_should_be_delayed_to/)**  * 16 years ago, a doctor published a study. it was completely made up, and it made us all sicker., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p0byw/16_years_ago_a_doctor_published_a_study_it_was/)**  * the mission patch for tonight's final ula launch of 2014 (nrol-35) is out of this world, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ozj2b/the_mission_patch_for_tonights_final_ula_launch/)**  * voyager 1 has been traveling for 37 years. due to time dilation, it is has "lost" 22 days!, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p0qeq/voyager_1_has_been_traveling_for_37_years_due_to/)**  * orion with a 50mm lens, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2ozezo/orion_with_a_50mm_lens/)**  * iowa to allow citizens to use a smartphone app as their official drivers license, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2oz1o3/iowa_to_allow_citizens_to_use_a_smartphone_app_as/)**  * us population density map [1982 x 1423], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2oynck/us_population_density_map_1982_x_1423/)**  * swift performance: too slow for production, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ozhb3/swift_performance_too_slow_for_production/)**  * fabrice bellard releases bgp image format, tools, source, js decoder... and it beats jpg in quality and file size. (direct link w/demos), *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2oyzt2/fabrice_bellard_releases_bgp_image_format_tools/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what rule do you live by?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ozsm8/reddit_what_rule_do_you_live_by/)**  * hi everyone - i'm archie griffin, the only two-time heisman trophy winner and former nfl player. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2oz5qa/hi_everyone_im_archie_griffin_the_only_twotime/)**  * i'm an american suburban housewife. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ozfrp/im_an_american_suburban_housewife_ama/)**  * a "holocaust revisionist" is to host an ama in /r/conspiracy. one user points out that the mod posting this is also responsible for the ama with richard gage that turned out to be fake. opinions and bans fly every which way., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2oyt2f/a_holocaust_revisionist_is_to_host_an_ama_in/)**  * the people of /r/neopets v. the moderator (diceroll123) for complete and utter corruption., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2oze07/the_people_of_rneopets_v_the_moderator/)**  * /u/rosiebunny advises how to shop slavery-free these holidays, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2oyr27/urosiebunny_advises_how_to_shop_slaveryfree_these/)**  * moderators: claim your creddits for the annual community best of 2014 awards!, *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2p030i/moderators_claim_your_creddits_for_the_annual/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oyfgk) /r/whereismyflyingcar, /r/behindthegifs, /r/javertgifs, /r/deadmau5, /r/eatsandwiches  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the making of "tron" (2002), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ozdux/the_making_of_tron_2002/)**  * the brave little toaster (1987), *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p02bx/the_brave_little_toaster_1987/)**  * john candy in the make-up chair as barf in "spaceballs" (1987), and a look at the 30-pound battery he wore on his back. candy powered the tail via a hidden control in his paw, while two assistants each controlled an ear., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ozhh9/john_candy_in_the_makeup_chair_as_barf_in/)**  * john lydon says sex pistols are too fat to reunite, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2oznyb/john_lydon_says_sex_pistols_are_too_fat_to_reunite/)**  * the modern lovers - roadrunner [rock] (1972), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2oyxlt/the_modern_lovers_roadrunner_rock_1972/)**  * go to this website, drag the kick ass button to your bookmarks bar, and have fun destroying any website, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oz91e/go_to_this_website_drag_the_kick_ass_button_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* kiku doesn't trust glass desks..., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2oyope/kiku_doesnt_trust_glass_desks/)**  * i get paid to come here. took this with my phone in canyonlands, np. [oc] [2560x1920], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2oy7fh/i_get_paid_to_come_here_took_this_with_my_phone/)**  * ice driven through a fence, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2oytsu/ice_driven_through_a_fence/)**  * grand canyon national park, arizona, usa. photographer: deryk baumgrtner [780 x 1170] [os], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2oyvpw/grand_canyon_national_park_arizona_usa/)**  * woke up extra early to catch the moroccan sunrise. i'm glad these guys did too, to help me capture this silhouette. [oc][3684x2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2oz2cy/woke_up_extra_early_to_catch_the_moroccan_sunrise/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* the orangered offensive through royal blue glasses., *from /r/nofapwar* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nofapwar/comments/2oyd6q/the_orangered_offensive_through_royal_blue_glasses/)**  * the common misconception that leaves many girls with adhd untreated, *from /r/femradebates* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/femradebates/comments/2ozqi4/the_common_misconception_that_leaves_many_girls/)**  * educationalgifs best of 2014 awards - nomination thread!, *from /r/educationalgifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/educationalgifs/comments/2p1bsb/educationalgifs_best_of_2014_awards_nomination/)**  * family politics, *from /r/youdontsurf* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youdontsurf/comments/2p0gv7/family_politics/)**  * gon busting a move, *from /r/hunterxhunter* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hunterxhunter/comments/2oxw2j/gon_busting_a_move/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit marketplace., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p0xf3/every_year_reddit_should_take_that_years_top_12/)**  * the very last marvel cinematic universe movie should end with an autistic boy playing with action figures, and robert downey jr. and samuel l jackson as his gay dads., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oyx7x/the_very_last_marvel_cinematic_universe_movie/)**  * "politicians use research findings the way a drunk uses a lamppost: for support, not for illumination." - jared bernstein, economist, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2oz5fy/politicians_use_research_findings_the_way_a_drunk/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* drug raid in rural georgia ends in a homeowner dead, no drugs found, and no police punished., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2oyyxj/drug_raid_in_rural_georgia_ends_in_a_homeowner/)**  * canada just made it legal for police to search your cellphone without a warrant upon arrest., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ozh22/canada_just_made_it_legal_for_police_to_search/)**  * outgoing colorado senator: 'the cia is lying': on senate floor, udall blasts continued torture cover-up, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2oz24z/outgoing_colorado_senator_the_cia_is_lying_on/)**  * nice lady spends her weekends cooking a full roast dinner for 40+ shelter dogs, every single week. she says they deserve "a bit of home"., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2oyy6n/nice_lady_spends_her_weekends_cooking_a_full/)**  * us stops paying northern syrian rebel salaries, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2oyag3/us_stops_paying_northern_syrian_rebel_salaries/)**  * mpaa prepares to bring site blocking to the us - "a large meeting consisting of more than two dozen studio executives took place in october to discuss all aspects of site-blocking. a senior engineer from comcast was also invited.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ozf2c/mpaa_prepares_to_bring_site_blocking_to_the_us_a/)**  * jason williams' elbow pass., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ozo0r/jason_williams_elbow_pass/)**  * texas bill would ban "affluenza" defense, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2oz4c3/texas_bill_would_ban_affluenza_defense/)**  * sony pictures entertainment is fighting back. sources: sony pictures using aws to execute denial-of-service attack on sites where its stolen data is available, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2oyxbd/sony_pictures_entertainment_is_fighting_back/)**  * whats with the "javert" gifs?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2oyilv/whats_with_the_javert_gifs/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk there's a website that lets you read free copies of magazines, sortable by category (such as "computers"), *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2oz1r6/ysk_theres_a_website_that_lets_you_read_free/)**  * what's the point of linear algebra?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2ozkcv/whats_the_point_of_linear_algebra/)**  * eli5: why is there so much variation in hair and eye colour in people of european heritage?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2oznmw/eli5_why_is_there_so_much_variation_in_hair_and/)**  * til george lucas gave mel brooks his blessing to make spaceballs on the condition that no action figures be made, as they could be confused with actual star wars toys., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p031z/til_george_lucas_gave_mel_brooks_his_blessing_to/)**  * data is sometimes disturbing: interactive map showing botched police raids in the us since 1985., *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2ozjpg/data_is_sometimes_disturbing_interactive_map/)**  * how to find micro-meteorites!, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p008l/how_to_find_micrometeorites/)**  * why do all homeless people have such well behaved dogs?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2ozd30/why_do_all_homeless_people_have_such_well_behaved/)**  * interesting historical photos, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ozndh/interesting_historical_photos/)**  * amazonian royal flycatcher uses its spectacular plumage to attract females and compete with other males, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2ozmji/amazonian_royal_flycatcher_uses_its_spectacular/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: train your children to write a thank-you letter before they cash a check or spend money given as a gift., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2oypi1/lpt_train_your_children_to_write_a_thankyou/)**  * what are some ways you make chicken more interesting?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2oz6ny/what_are_some_ways_you_make_chicken_more/)**  * [video] will smith work ethic. my go-to video for motivation., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2oz10q/video_will_smith_work_ethic_my_goto_video_for/)**  * keurig 2.0 hack. use the pods you want., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2p06u4/keurig_20_hack_use_the_pods_you_want/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* morning work start times should be delayed to ensure adults get an adequate amount of sleep, according to a new study. for every hour that work started later in the morning, sleep time increased by approximately 20 minutes., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p0a7u/morning_work_start_times_should_be_delayed_to/)**  * 16 years ago, a doctor published a study. it was completely made up, and it made us all sicker., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p0byw/16_years_ago_a_doctor_published_a_study_it_was/)**  * the mission patch for tonight's final ula launch of 2014 (nrol-35) is out of this world, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ozj2b/the_mission_patch_for_tonights_final_ula_launch/)**  * voyager 1 has been traveling for 37 years. due to time dilation, it is has "lost" 22 days!, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p0qeq/voyager_1_has_been_traveling_for_37_years_due_to/)**  * orion with a 50mm lens, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2ozezo/orion_with_a_50mm_lens/)**  * iowa to allow citizens to use a smartphone app as their official drivers license, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2oz1o3/iowa_to_allow_citizens_to_use_a_smartphone_app_as/)**  * us population density map [1982 x 1423], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2oynck/us_population_density_map_1982_x_1423/)**  * swift performance: too slow for production, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2ozhb3/swift_performance_too_slow_for_production/)**  * fabrice bellard releases bgp image format, tools, source, js decoder... and it beats jpg in quality and file size. (direct link w/demos), *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2oyzt2/fabrice_bellard_releases_bgp_image_format_tools/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what rule do you live by?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2ozsm8/reddit_what_rule_do_you_live_by/)**  * hi everyone - i'm archie griffin, the only two-time heisman trophy winner and former nfl player. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2oz5qa/hi_everyone_im_archie_griffin_the_only_twotime/)**  * i'm an american suburban housewife. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2ozfrp/im_an_american_suburban_housewife_ama/)**  * a "holocaust revisionist" is to host an ama in /r/conspiracy. one user points out that the mod posting this is also responsible for the ama with richard gage that turned out to be fake. opinions and bans fly every which way., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2oyt2f/a_holocaust_revisionist_is_to_host_an_ama_in/)**  * the people of /r/neopets v. the moderator (diceroll123) for complete and utter corruption., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2oze07/the_people_of_rneopets_v_the_moderator/)**  * /u/rosiebunny advises how to shop slavery-free these holidays, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2oyr27/urosiebunny_advises_how_to_shop_slaveryfree_these/)**  * moderators: claim your creddits for the annual community best of 2014 awards!, *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2p030i/moderators_claim_your_creddits_for_the_annual/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2oyfgk) /r/whereismyflyingcar, /r/behindthegifs, /r/javertgifs, /r/deadmau5, /r/eatsandwiches  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the making of "tron" (2002), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ozdux/the_making_of_tron_2002/)**  * the brave little toaster (1987), *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p02bx/the_brave_little_toaster_1987/)**  * john candy in the make-up chair as barf in "spaceballs" (1987), and a look at the 30-pound battery he wore on his back. candy powered the tail via a hidden control in his paw, while two assistants each controlled an ear., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2ozhh9/john_candy_in_the_makeup_chair_as_barf_in/)**  * john lydon says sex pistols are too fat to reunite, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2oznyb/john_lydon_says_sex_pistols_are_too_fat_to_reunite/)**  * the modern lovers - roadrunner [rock] (1972), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2oyxlt/the_modern_lovers_roadrunner_rock_1972/)**  * go to this website, drag the kick ass button to your bookmarks bar, and have fun destroying any website, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2oz91e/go_to_this_website_drag_the_kick_ass_button_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* kiku doesn't trust glass desks..., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2oyope/kiku_doesnt_trust_glass_desks/)**  * i get paid to come here. took this with my phone in canyonlands, np. [oc] [2560x1920], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2oy7fh/i_get_paid_to_come_here_took_this_with_my_phone/)**  * ice driven through a fence, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2oytsu/ice_driven_through_a_fence/)**  * grand canyon national park, arizona, usa. photographer: deryk baumgrtner [780 x 1170] [os], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2oyvpw/grand_canyon_national_park_arizona_usa/)**  * woke up extra early to catch the moroccan sunrise. i'm glad these guys did too, to help me capture this silhouette. [oc][3684x2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2oz2cy/woke_up_extra_early_to_catch_the_moroccan_sunrise/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* the orangered offensive through royal blue glasses., *from /r/nofapwar* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nofapwar/comments/2oyd6q/the_orangered_offensive_through_royal_blue_glasses/)**  * the common misconception that leaves many girls with adhd untreated, *from /r/femradebates* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/femradebates/comments/2ozqi4/the_common_misconception_that_leaves_many_girls/)**  * educationalgifs best of 2014 awards - nomination thread!, *from /r/educationalgifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/educationalgifs/comments/2p1bsb/educationalgifs_best_of_2014_awards_nomination/)**  * family politics, *from /r/youdontsurf* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youdontsurf/comments/2p0gv7/family_politics/)**  * gon busting a move, *from /r/hunterxhunter* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hunterxhunter/comments/2oxw2j/gon_busting_a_move/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit marketplace., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p0xf3/every_year_reddit_should_take_that_years_top_12/)**  * the very last marvel cinematic universe movie should end with an autistic boy playing with action figures, and robert downey jr. and samuel l jackson as his gay dads., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2oyx7x/the_very_last_marvel_cinematic_universe_movie/)**  * "politicians use research findings the way a drunk uses a lamppost: for support, not for illumination." - jared bernstein, economist, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2oz5fy/politicians_use_research_findings_the_way_a_drunk/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
okay, so i went through a lot of stress (breakup, university stress, sleep schedule messed up) and i noticed that i lost my libido. then i took antidepressants because they said it was because of depression. i've been off of my antidepressants for 8 months now and still have no libido. my hormone panel was normal.anyone have anything like this happen and have things come back? this sucks!++$++22
so my girlfriend and i both have pretty strict parents i guess, i can't have her in my room with the door closed and i can't be in her room at all. we manage to get a couple minutes alone at my house, but it's a little weird with people walking by in the hallway bordering my room.we both can drive; i've taken my car to this one lot before that's always empty. ir was about 9:30 pm. we were fooling around, finished up, were organizing ourselves when some cops pulled up. turns out, the place was "private property"(it was just some parking lot bordering a semi popular small street that no one ever parked in).  nothing really happened legal wise, but my girlfriend was a wreck. she felt inceedibly embarrassed by the situation and i didn't blame her at all. it was a huge fuck up.fast forward 2.5ish momths, we haven't had a second purely alone.  we can't find spots to bring our cars that guarantee no trouble coming to us, and obviously at-home is no option.it got to the point where i considered getting a cheap hotel room for during the day for just one day lol. but apparently you need a credit card for that which i don't have.so, anybody got any tips?++$++15
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on friday.  **report period:**   thursday, december 04, 2014 through wednesday, december 10, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canada** [[full report](/2p26v6)]   ---* [i made a thing. i'm romanian. i don't know why i made it.](/2ogk0s)  * [just a reminder, this is why canadians deal with awful winters (&amp;gt;90 days ago)](/2obp7x)  * [vancouver, bc, yesterday (oc)](/2onwku)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/crazyideas** [[full report](/2p23x5)]   ---* [we should reverse gifting for birthdays. instead of getting gifts, we all give them out. that way, we only need to worry about buying birthday presents once a year and we get a constant flow of gifts all year.](/2or2mm)  * [wikipedia should kill 1 hostage every hour until they reach their fundraising goal](/2o85e9)  * [listen to an mp3 while eating pop rocks for that authentic vinyl sound](/2ouqt7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/drugs** [[full report](/2p24vu)]   ---* [nypd cop of the year arrested for trafficking 10 kilos of cocaine](/2okinb)  * [turns out erowid is being blocked by 10/12 major isp's in the uk.](/2oib31)  * [weed snobs. maybie one day we can all sit like this!](/2o9bet)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entrepreneur** [[full report](/2p223w)]   ---* [i am the ceo of a saas company that just closed a $9 million funding round and which has grown over 100% per year over the past four years and here with one of our lead vc investors. ask us anything about how to start a company, get it funded and scale while staying true to your culture.](/2ovvqo)  * [i wish i had this application when i was depressed, so my friends and i created it](/2obw8k)  * [i swear at times people come to reddit because when they google "how to build a successful multi billion dollar enterprise with little or no effort, zero creativity or minimal risk w money from selling my bike" nothing comes up.](/2oj87g)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/futurology** [[full report](/2p2085)]   ---* [driverless cars set to hit the uk in 2015 in greenwich, bristol, coventry and milton keynes - are we all really ready for this step in technology?](/2o9a4i)  * [life on earth is in peril. we have no future if we dont go into space](/2oih3f)  * [this week in tech: smart textiles, 3d printing electronic circuitry, the fastest 2d camera, and more!](/2ocytw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gifs** [[full report](/2p2cqv)]   ---* [a carrot harvester at work](/2osfg6)  * [birthday card](/2ov34a)  * [time lapse of a dog growing up.](/2ohprs)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/hiphopheads** [[full report](/2p28st)]   ---* [kanye rapped seth rogen his entire new album in a van over 2 hours. - rolling stone](/2opfsw)  * [lil wayne wants off cash money records, blames label and birdman for "tha carter v" delay](/2oa69b)  * [its ya boy @ghostfacekillah from the almighty wu tang clan ama #36seasons](/2oekf6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/historyporn** [[full report](/2p1x8a)]   ---* [man selling mummies in egypt, 1875 [600x741]](/2onypi)  * [laika, the first dog in space. no provisions were made for her return, and she died there 1957 [543x390]](/2of45z)  * [pfc richie sniffs at the delicate perfume of his girlfriend in jay, oklahoma, as he opens her letter in vietnam, april 12, 1966 - [2048x1536]](/2o9d20)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/iama** [[full report](/2p2ao4)]   ---* [i run skiplagged, a site being sued by united airlines and orbitz for exposing pricing inefficiencies that save consumers lots of money on airfare. ask me almost anything!](/2o831k)  * [iama the owner of beauty town plus, located in ferguson, mo. we were looted three times then our store burned down last week ama](/2oe6o4)  * [this is composer howard shore. let's talk about music.](/2osjqp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ideasfortheadmins** [[full report](/2p1v6n)]   ---* [for moderators: add a 'grudgingly accept' button that functions the same as the approve button](/2ov3jr)  * [get rid of the word "optional" next to "your name" when you share links. alternatively, put a warning that you can't hide your username when sharing links.](/2oesov)  * [reddit gold: being able to say why you gave the gold in a message when you give the gold.](/2ohsf2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/karmacourt** [[full report](/2p1ufd)]   ---* [u/dardargnan vs. the moderators of r/soccer for unjustified banning](/2ogbmn)  * [the people of reddit vs. /r/rickrocketed for telling lies, failure to deliver and goldscam](/2od4q3)  * [/u/scioso vs. /u/sniperwhg for charges of blatant reposting from an incorrect yahoo answer](/2opurl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lightbulb** [[full report](/2p1uof)]   ---* [tinder should have a herpes tag, so that you only get matched with other people with herpes, and that way everyone can get some lovin](/2olc5l)  * [in ms word and other programs, the cursor becomes slanted when you toggle italics. the cursor should become thicker for bold and have a slight underline for underline.](/2otjry)  * [every reddit page should have its own chat window](/2ov943)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mommit** [[full report](/2p1vhn)]   ---* [my daughter woke herself up by farting. sorry for the bad quality, i was laughing](/2oc7kn)  * ["i ate my carrots mommy!"](/2oweql)  * [i love this face he's started making](/2ol7im)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pcmasterrace** [[full report](/2p2bry)]   ---* [[oc] the relationship between pc and consoles.](/2ohfdj)  * [whatever you say steam..](/2okz2x)  * [pc gamer telling it like it is](/2one8a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotes** [[full report](/2p1wlv)]   ---* ["seeing someone reading a book you love is seeing a book recommending a person"](/2os1am)  * [times have not become more violent. they have just become more televised. - marilyn manson](/2o8ar0)  * ["if love blinds you from seeing the faults of the one you love, then hatred blinds you from seeing the good things in the one you hate."  abdul aziz bin marzuq](/2onwsi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/retrogaming** [[full report](/2p1vwx)]   ---* [my 13 year old son does not have a reddit account but his retro gaming station needs to be shared. all his own work and just over 2 years of collecting.](/2oasdf)  * [possibly the best box art of all time](/2o99ew)  * [this might actually be the best box art of all time.](/2od0ep)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/science** [[full report](/2p25wj)]   ---* [a study conducted in chicago found that giving disadvantaged, minority youths 8-week summer jobs reduced their violent crime rates compared to controls by 43% over a year after the program ended.](/2oabsq)  * [drug candidate destroys malaria in only 48 hours](/2okb5u)  * [california's drought is the worst in 1,200 years, evidence suggests](/2oj1z2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/serialpodcast** [[full report](/2p27uz)]   ---* [i'm an atheist but if you can convince me hell is real and cristina gutierrez's voice is piped in 24/7 i'll see you church in the morning.](/2o96uo)  * [can we cool it on the rabia bashing?](/2ocdla)  * [i hope they reply](/2oodjv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shutupandtakemymoney** [[full report](/2p1uwl)]   ---* [spankrags: tissues with life-sized women's (and soon, men's) faces on them.](/2owe9q)  * ["lumps of coal" hot chocolate balls are confections you use to make real hot chocolate. shaped like lumps of coal you drop one in a mug with milk, heat, stir and enjoy. the perfect stocking stuffer. a treat for the naughty in all of us.](/2otzx1)  * [bob ross dvd legacy set (all 403 episodes)](/2or4qe)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/soccer** [[full report](/2p2fbf)]   ---* [reddit, help me make the fallon d'floor a reality](/2oqn08)  * [hummels save from a hoffenheim freekick](/2oeapb)  * [zlatan scores equalizer and celebrates at the same time vs. nantes](/2oh178)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/space** [[full report](/2p1ym2)]   ---* [orion has successfully launched!](/2ocvsx)  * [i.s.s. construction time lapse](/2om266)  * [the best part of my job at the smithsonian](/2or5ap)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theredpill** [[full report](/2p214x)]   ---* [israeli feminists helped kill a bill that could charge women for rape of men because - get this - they're worried about false rape claims.](/2onh0j)  * [how to know you are dating a slut. source: i married one.](/2org8m)  * [the sexodus, part 1: the men giving up on women and checking out of society](/2oa013)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/twoxchromosomes** [[full report](/2p29m4)]   ---* [[iff] grandfather-granddaughter dance at my wedding instead of a father-daughter dance. love this man with all my heart.](/2odd9n)  * [i am a single mother. i run a happy household but i have been struggling financially. earlier this year i started a small business that is doing pretty well. this has allowed me to bring my two son's on their first disneyland trip. i was one happy mom!](/2ol5my)  * [can we have a new rule?](/2osdbr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/vegan** [[full report](/2p1zei)]   ---* [after i posted a vegan comment in a non-vegan thread.](/2oag76)  * [going and staying vegan is easy when...](/2on6as)  * [vegan santa](/2odoeo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/whatisthisthing** [[full report](/2p231g)]   ---* [what hatched from these eggs and when are they going to kill me?](/2ohk65)  * [context: pendant given to my friend by an "old german lady" back in the eighties....anybody have a clue?](/2o9x3q)  * [mystery tool, mission san miguel, california](/2okb26)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wtf** [[full report](/2p2e2m)]   ---* [nature be doing crazy shit again](/2odkhj)  * [that was the last thing i expected in a bathroom stall](/2ouv0t)  * [wheeeeeeee! (xpost from /r/gifs)](/2ojp5e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
http://natedsanders.com/itemimages/000022/44684_lg.jpeg++$++23
good morning! just curious if any of you ladies caught anything during the first trimester. is this something that is harmful? are you able to take anything otc? i feel it brewing and normally i would start taking emergenc which i am not sure i can on top of prenatals. i've read a bunch of stuff on the internet this morning but wanted to see what you guys did and what worked and is safe.++$++31
hey r/cocktails, i am interested in mixology and will be buying some starting equipment for xmas.what do you suggest i get for my kit so that i am ready to experiment with different drinks and what not.so far i know i need a:jiggerstirrershakerstrainerassortment of glasswarei plan to dabble a bit in molecular so i may buy something for that as well, but i may have a set of that laying in the apartment.any suggestions appreciated!!!++$++20
4 golden gunshots.orradar active down sites on all primary weapons.got both helms mark2, can't choose!!++$++25
after a colonoscopy and an upper endoscopy my doctor told me that technically i can eat whatever i want. "technically" is the keyword.my case: i'll be 2-3 days constipated with gas and gurgling near the end of the colon. during the 3rd day or so i'll explode with both hard and way too soft stools, sometimes will also make what i ate come up to my mouth and cause me to have a migraine and eventually throw up (once i do that the migraine goes away in the next hour). i've been like this for roughly 3 years and i've lost a lot of weight (i'm 6.2 ft tall and weight 138 lbs). with my doctor only prescribing me to "follow trial and error" i'm at a loss, especially when i had plans to actually gain weight and start working out so i can have a more fit body. i also have occasional heartburn and feel my food returning to my throat whenever i lie down to my right side due to hiatal hernia.but about my intestinal symptoms: is this what ibs feels like or should i check for something more?++$++33
okay, so i took my fake to a 711 today. i made a cup of coffee and grabbed 2 beers. he asks for my id and i hand him my fake. he takes 2 seconds to look at it and says it's fake because the apostrophe in my name wasn't there. i showed him my credit card. i told him that that's what the dmv gave to me. he said that he is going to confiscate it. he said my parents would have to come. i told him they live in fucking colorado. i snatched the id and walked out without paying for my coffee. the problem? i left my credit card behind. hope nothing comes of this but what the fuck? my real ny doesn't have apostrophes so did i fuck up or is he retarded?edit: i grabbed it too hard. now my lamination is creased edit2: the credit card is in my wallet. i didn't even realize that while i was typing. whew++$++16
the good - i finished monogatari and loved it. finals are over, too.the bad - i failed a class. oops.++$++17
i'm distracted by everything on the computer; youtube, surfing the internet, twitch.tv is one of the biggest time sunk, complete and utterly waste of time. twitch.tv is like watching television all day long except it doesn't feel that way because of chatting with the streamer and others.  if i wasn't so distracted by all the bullshit i see on the internet, i would have a company or a career by now. i'm hooked on the internet like it is for someone to be hooked on crack.and i also do things incessantly on the computer like i would always check my email and skype even though i know there's no email or anyone messaging me because i would know if someone had emailed me or messaged me. the computer, the internet is just an escape from reality for me.nothing i do on the computer has any practical value other than wasting more and more itme. thanks reddit, i've made up my mind.++$++29
we're a fwb couple looking to find and experience our unicorn.  she is pretty and within +/- 10 years of us.  if you'd like to come to m4 with us tomorrow around 3 - 7 please send us a pm, if you'd like to explore this opportunity for future dates, then do follow up as well.j&amp;s++$++30
to the few who play on xbox, feel free to add me! i also play destiny and halo mcc.xbl: h3avybreathing++$++20
so, there's a co-op project going on here in which the public library and the university are taking over an old borders bookstore and turning it into a "digital library", with public access to workstations with autodesk and adobe professional software and 3d printers, among other things.  is there anything for or against the safety of using 3d printers to make battery holders, boxes, and mods?  i ask mostly because i think it'd be really cool to make a 3d printed mod, maybe something dna based because why not?what materials are good and not good, is heat dissipation a big thing, and am i an idiot?++$++21
don't mean to rush you, but there are a bunch of new applications that have been there for close to 2 weeks.or is this server not running anymore?++$++37
http://myanimelist.net/animelist/rmm45177so i just made my account and i'm not sure how to use it yet. i'm looking for recommendations. these are the shows i've seen so far. i especially like kill la kill, monogatari, black lagoon, space dandy,  and gurren lagann,thanks in advance. i hope i hit the 100 minimum character requirement to post in this subreddit.++$++17
hey, i have always been the kind of guy that wanted to find a special someone that could be my one-and-only, but haven't found anybody that i'm really crazy about since high school.i feel like if i'm going to be with someone then i should feel that they are really special, but really i can't really get that vibe from anybody. i feel like people are really superficial and hard to get to know (they are so busy) and i am really confused.i used to get crushes, but now i don't, and i would rather not be single for life. my siblings are drifting away from me (they are dating now) and my parents are getting older so i'm feeling a bit lonely. i really would like to date a best friend, but i feel like going steady would be a turn-off and "passion killer" for a lot of women. i just can't get aroused or feel really sexual unless i feel close. i really like sex, and don't want to date someone who is frigid or has religious hang-ups, but i don't feel comfortable with sleeping with a bunch of women to find "the one."maybe i'm just weird. any pointers? any pointers or tips for meeting nice interesting women who aren't prudish or "up-tight" but still want to really have a meaningful relationship?++$++22
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* furious, google ends anti-piracy cooperation with the mpaa, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2p2ncb/furious_google_ends_antipiracy_cooperation_with/)**  * visa, mastercard sued for blocking donations to wikileaks, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2p4133/visa_mastercard_sued_for_blocking_donations_to/)**  * man receives $50k settlement after nypd ruined his christmas, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2p34el/man_receives_50k_settlement_after_nypd_ruined_his/)**  * pope francis says all dogs do go to heaven, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2p30gk/pope_francis_says_all_dogs_do_go_to_heaven/)**  * u.s. scuttled negotiations to free american killed in yemen, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2p2azr/us_scuttled_negotiations_to_free_american_killed/)**  * isohunt unofficially resurrects the pirate bay, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2p38s6/isohunt_unofficially_resurrects_the_pirate_bay/)**  * scottie pippen dunk on patrick ewing., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2p39ci/scottie_pippen_dunk_on_patrick_ewing/)**  * congress quietly bolsters nsa spying in intelligence bill: "'it grants the executive branch virtually unlimited access to the communications of every american,' warned rep. justin amash.", *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2p2jeh/congress_quietly_bolsters_nsa_spying_in/)**  * isps and movie studios have until april to agree on a new piracy code for australia, or else - neowin, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2p4h09/isps_and_movie_studios_have_until_april_to_agree/)**  * how legit is gordon ramsey ?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2p3ogw/how_legit_is_gordon_ramsey/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that choking is silent., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2p4bqs/ysk_that_choking_is_silent/)**  * if we inject (somehow) red pigmentation to the yellow part of an unfertilized egg and then fertilize it, would the chick be born red?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2p33lv/if_we_inject_somehow_red_pigmentation_to_the/)**  * eli5: why is the cia allowed to black out parts of declassified documents?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2p2jvq/eli5_why_is_the_cia_allowed_to_black_out_parts_of/)**  * til starting in the 1960s, the american heart association advised the public to eat less saturated fat and switch to vegetable oils for a "healthy heart." the american heart association was founded in part by the makers of crisco., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p2ub7/til_starting_in_the_1960s_the_american_heart/)**  * player age distribution in eve online [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2p2s7m/player_age_distribution_in_eve_online_oc/)**  * [request] battery exploded in my wiimote. anyone know how to clean it for use?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p3hjn/request_battery_exploded_in_my_wiimote_anyone/)**  * how do dialects come about? do people in a particular region literally just start saying all the words of a particular language differently?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2p32nn/how_do_dialects_come_about_do_people_in_a/)**  * shanghai, 1987 vs today, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2p2pjb/shanghai_1987_vs_today/)**  * the long-eared jerboa is a nocturnal mouse-like rodent with a long tail, long hind legs for jumping, and exceptionally large ears. it is distinct enough that authorities consider it to be the only member of both its genus, euchoreutes, and subfamily, euchoreutinae., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2p2qv2/the_longeared_jerboa_is_a_nocturnal_mouselike/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: always cut grapes in half for young children and babies, they form a perfect seel in their throat, and is one of the top causes of choking, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2p3eo1/lpt_always_cut_grapes_in_half_for_young_children/)**  * 18 years old, 5'10", six month transformation-in-progress. just wanting to share., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2p2fk8/18_years_old_510_six_month/)**  * [image] hard work &amp;amp; good luck, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2p3oc5/image_hard_work_good_luck/)**  * broken glass refrigerator shelves can be incredibly expensive to replace...large ceramic tile are sanitary and cheap! this fix/replacement cost me a grand total of 3 bucks!, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2p2oyd/broken_glass_refrigerator_shelves_can_be/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* cocaine consumption quadruples the risk of sudden death in people between 19 and 49, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p2zls/cocaine_consumption_quadruples_the_risk_of_sudden/)**  * this physicist has a groundbreaking idea about why life exists, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p3ct5/this_physicist_has_a_groundbreaking_idea_about/)**  * nasa to receive more money than it requested for 2015, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2p2p90/nasa_to_receive_more_money_than_it_requested_for/)**  * cern's large hadron collider gears up for run 2 to achieve 13 tev collisions in 2015., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p32w5/cerns_large_hadron_collider_gears_up_for_run_2_to/)**  * orion nebula at 1400mm, from the porch., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2p29m6/orion_nebula_at_1400mm_from_the_porch/)**  * this week in technology: an advanced laser defense system, synthetic skin, and sentient computers, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2p2pio/this_week_in_technology_an_advanced_laser_defense/)**  * historic probability of &amp;gt; 1" of snow on ground on december 25 in lower 48 states | based on the latest (1981-2010) u.s. climate normals from noaa's national climatic data center [os] [15411146], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2p35ag/historic_probability_of_1_of_snow_on_ground_on/)**  * rust 1.0: scheduling the trains, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2p35eq/rust_10_scheduling_the_trains/)**  * hp aims to release linux++ in june 2015, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2p2s6r/hp_aims_to_release_linux_in_june_2015/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* good cops of reddit, why is it so dangerous to arrest bad cops if the majority of you are good? what consequences are we asking you to face by crossing the blue line? [serious], *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2p3qvo/good_cops_of_reddit_why_is_it_so_dangerous_to/)**  * were 3 female computer scientists at mit, here to answer questions about programming and academia. ask us anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2p3lzc/were_3_female_computer_scientists_at_mit_here_to/)**  * my dad died from a shotgun to the chest 3 days ago. ask me anything, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2p4465/my_dad_died_from_a_shotgun_to_the_chest_3_days/)**  * /r/india makes rules about hate speech, personal attacks and announces two new mods. one of the mods is in violation of the same rules. sheer hilarity follows., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2p1zub/rindia_makes_rules_about_hate_speech_personal/)**  * the people of reddit vs. /u/rxyros for claiming to be an employee of apple and karma whoring., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2p4x1i/the_people_of_reddit_vs_urxyros_for_claiming_to/)**  * after an exceptional nxt takeover show, a fan shows his appreciation via sending a fruit basket to wwe, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2p3fy9/after_an_exceptional_nxt_takeover_show_a_fan/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2p2927) /r/seashanties, /r/fictionalmovieposters, /r/vagabond, /r/cyberpunk, /r/teachertales  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* "grassachusetts" (2014) - a short doc about the poor state of the medical marijuana system in massachusetts. for years i've loved r/documentaries, and i'm so pumped to show the first documentary i've made here!, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2p44zo/grassachusetts_2014_a_short_doc_about_the_poor/)**  * 3000 miles to graceland (2001) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p3iks/3000_miles_to_graceland_2001_720p/)**  * captain america: the winter soldier directors joe and anthony russo will direct avengers: infinity war, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2p31ws/captain_america_the_winter_soldier_directors_joe/)**  * some bullies threw my bosses son's saxophone into the water, anyone know how we can fix it?, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2p4l3p/some_bullies_threw_my_bosses_sons_saxophone_into/)**  * parquet courts -- pretty machines [rock] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2p2okf/parquet_courts_pretty_machines_rock_2014/)**  * a minimalist, beautiful and fun soundbox : patapap, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2p2gfe/a_minimalist_beautiful_and_fun_soundbox_patapap/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* our indoor cat moved from a gray apartment block view to this, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2p2r01/our_indoor_cat_moved_from_a_gray_apartment_block/)**  * this is what the edge of a 604 metre sheer cliff looks like... (preikestolen, norway) [oc] [2157  2876], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2p2uz4/this_is_what_the_edge_of_a_604_metre_sheer_cliff/)**  * norwegian man saving a duck, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2p3gas/norwegian_man_saving_a_duck/)**  * crystals on mars, elongated crystal shapes formed by the precipitation of minerals dissolved in water. [2876x3814], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2p1xfa/crystals_on_mars_elongated_crystal_shapes_formed/)**  * the milky way above steamboat rock state park [os][2,000 x 844], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2p3cp4/the_milky_way_above_steamboat_rock_state_park/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* new sig sauer optic: 4x fixed w/ horseshoe reticle, *from /r/sigsauer* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sigsauer/comments/2p38zu/new_sig_sauer_optic_4x_fixed_w_horseshoe_reticle/)**  * [h] large list - tp's, hc's, floppies (marvel, dc, image) [w] $$, *from /r/comicswap* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/comicswap/comments/2p4bhu/h_large_list_tps_hcs_floppies_marvel_dc_image_w/)**  * why the doctor should just stick to britain, *from /r/doctorwhumour* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwhumour/comments/2p3p6y/why_the_doctor_should_just_stick_to_britain/)**  * also used some marbles and tonic water with the macro lens. thoughts?, *from /r/photocritique* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/photocritique/comments/2p2yj9/also_used_some_marbles_and_tonic_water_with_the/)**  * angry, *from /r/captioned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/captioned/comments/2p3unu/angry/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* about an hour after the final scene in many disney movies, the main character will be losing her virginity., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p2nb3/about_an_hour_after_the_final_scene_in_many/)**  * make hotdogs that cook themselves when you crack them like glowsticks, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2p2wif/make_hotdogs_that_cook_themselves_when_you_crack/)**  *  counting other people's sins does not make you a saint.  ~ author unknown, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2p2evv/counting_other_peoples_sins_does_not_make_you_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* furious, google ends anti-piracy cooperation with the mpaa, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2p2ncb/furious_google_ends_antipiracy_cooperation_with/)**  * visa, mastercard sued for blocking donations to wikileaks, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2p4133/visa_mastercard_sued_for_blocking_donations_to/)**  * man receives $50k settlement after nypd ruined his christmas, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2p34el/man_receives_50k_settlement_after_nypd_ruined_his/)**  * pope francis says all dogs do go to heaven, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2p30gk/pope_francis_says_all_dogs_do_go_to_heaven/)**  * u.s. scuttled negotiations to free american killed in yemen, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2p2azr/us_scuttled_negotiations_to_free_american_killed/)**  * isohunt unofficially resurrects the pirate bay, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2p38s6/isohunt_unofficially_resurrects_the_pirate_bay/)**  * scottie pippen dunk on patrick ewing., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2p39ci/scottie_pippen_dunk_on_patrick_ewing/)**  * congress quietly bolsters nsa spying in intelligence bill: "'it grants the executive branch virtually unlimited access to the communications of every american,' warned rep. justin amash.", *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2p2jeh/congress_quietly_bolsters_nsa_spying_in/)**  * isps and movie studios have until april to agree on a new piracy code for australia, or else - neowin, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2p4h09/isps_and_movie_studios_have_until_april_to_agree/)**  * how legit is gordon ramsey ?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2p3ogw/how_legit_is_gordon_ramsey/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that choking is silent., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2p4bqs/ysk_that_choking_is_silent/)**  * if we inject (somehow) red pigmentation to the yellow part of an unfertilized egg and then fertilize it, would the chick be born red?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2p33lv/if_we_inject_somehow_red_pigmentation_to_the/)**  * eli5: why is the cia allowed to black out parts of declassified documents?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2p2jvq/eli5_why_is_the_cia_allowed_to_black_out_parts_of/)**  * til starting in the 1960s, the american heart association advised the public to eat less saturated fat and switch to vegetable oils for a "healthy heart." the american heart association was founded in part by the makers of crisco., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p2ub7/til_starting_in_the_1960s_the_american_heart/)**  * player age distribution in eve online [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2p2s7m/player_age_distribution_in_eve_online_oc/)**  * [request] battery exploded in my wiimote. anyone know how to clean it for use?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p3hjn/request_battery_exploded_in_my_wiimote_anyone/)**  * how do dialects come about? do people in a particular region literally just start saying all the words of a particular language differently?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2p32nn/how_do_dialects_come_about_do_people_in_a/)**  * shanghai, 1987 vs today, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2p2pjb/shanghai_1987_vs_today/)**  * the long-eared jerboa is a nocturnal mouse-like rodent with a long tail, long hind legs for jumping, and exceptionally large ears. it is distinct enough that authorities consider it to be the only member of both its genus, euchoreutes, and subfamily, euchoreutinae., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2p2qv2/the_longeared_jerboa_is_a_nocturnal_mouselike/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: always cut grapes in half for young children and babies, they form a perfect seel in their throat, and is one of the top causes of choking, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2p3eo1/lpt_always_cut_grapes_in_half_for_young_children/)**  * 18 years old, 5'10", six month transformation-in-progress. just wanting to share., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2p2fk8/18_years_old_510_six_month/)**  * [image] hard work &amp;amp; good luck, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2p3oc5/image_hard_work_good_luck/)**  * broken glass refrigerator shelves can be incredibly expensive to replace...large ceramic tile are sanitary and cheap! this fix/replacement cost me a grand total of 3 bucks!, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2p2oyd/broken_glass_refrigerator_shelves_can_be/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* cocaine consumption quadruples the risk of sudden death in people between 19 and 49, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p2zls/cocaine_consumption_quadruples_the_risk_of_sudden/)**  * this physicist has a groundbreaking idea about why life exists, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p3ct5/this_physicist_has_a_groundbreaking_idea_about/)**  * nasa to receive more money than it requested for 2015, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2p2p90/nasa_to_receive_more_money_than_it_requested_for/)**  * cern's large hadron collider gears up for run 2 to achieve 13 tev collisions in 2015., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p32w5/cerns_large_hadron_collider_gears_up_for_run_2_to/)**  * orion nebula at 1400mm, from the porch., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2p29m6/orion_nebula_at_1400mm_from_the_porch/)**  * this week in technology: an advanced laser defense system, synthetic skin, and sentient computers, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2p2pio/this_week_in_technology_an_advanced_laser_defense/)**  * historic probability of &amp;gt; 1" of snow on ground on december 25 in lower 48 states | based on the latest (1981-2010) u.s. climate normals from noaa's national climatic data center [os] [15411146], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2p35ag/historic_probability_of_1_of_snow_on_ground_on/)**  * rust 1.0: scheduling the trains, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2p35eq/rust_10_scheduling_the_trains/)**  * hp aims to release linux++ in june 2015, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2p2s6r/hp_aims_to_release_linux_in_june_2015/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* good cops of reddit, why is it so dangerous to arrest bad cops if the majority of you are good? what consequences are we asking you to face by crossing the blue line? [serious], *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2p3qvo/good_cops_of_reddit_why_is_it_so_dangerous_to/)**  * were 3 female computer scientists at mit, here to answer questions about programming and academia. ask us anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2p3lzc/were_3_female_computer_scientists_at_mit_here_to/)**  * my dad died from a shotgun to the chest 3 days ago. ask me anything, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2p4465/my_dad_died_from_a_shotgun_to_the_chest_3_days/)**  * /r/india makes rules about hate speech, personal attacks and announces two new mods. one of the mods is in violation of the same rules. sheer hilarity follows., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2p1zub/rindia_makes_rules_about_hate_speech_personal/)**  * the people of reddit vs. /u/rxyros for claiming to be an employee of apple and karma whoring., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2p4x1i/the_people_of_reddit_vs_urxyros_for_claiming_to/)**  * after an exceptional nxt takeover show, a fan shows his appreciation via sending a fruit basket to wwe, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2p3fy9/after_an_exceptional_nxt_takeover_show_a_fan/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2p2927) /r/seashanties, /r/fictionalmovieposters, /r/vagabond, /r/cyberpunk, /r/teachertales  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* "grassachusetts" (2014) - a short doc about the poor state of the medical marijuana system in massachusetts. for years i've loved r/documentaries, and i'm so pumped to show the first documentary i've made here!, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2p44zo/grassachusetts_2014_a_short_doc_about_the_poor/)**  * 3000 miles to graceland (2001) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p3iks/3000_miles_to_graceland_2001_720p/)**  * captain america: the winter soldier directors joe and anthony russo will direct avengers: infinity war, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2p31ws/captain_america_the_winter_soldier_directors_joe/)**  * some bullies threw my bosses son's saxophone into the water, anyone know how we can fix it?, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2p4l3p/some_bullies_threw_my_bosses_sons_saxophone_into/)**  * parquet courts -- pretty machines [rock] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2p2okf/parquet_courts_pretty_machines_rock_2014/)**  * a minimalist, beautiful and fun soundbox : patapap, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2p2gfe/a_minimalist_beautiful_and_fun_soundbox_patapap/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* our indoor cat moved from a gray apartment block view to this, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2p2r01/our_indoor_cat_moved_from_a_gray_apartment_block/)**  * this is what the edge of a 604 metre sheer cliff looks like... (preikestolen, norway) [oc] [2157  2876], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2p2uz4/this_is_what_the_edge_of_a_604_metre_sheer_cliff/)**  * norwegian man saving a duck, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2p3gas/norwegian_man_saving_a_duck/)**  * crystals on mars, elongated crystal shapes formed by the precipitation of minerals dissolved in water. [2876x3814], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2p1xfa/crystals_on_mars_elongated_crystal_shapes_formed/)**  * the milky way above steamboat rock state park [os][2,000 x 844], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2p3cp4/the_milky_way_above_steamboat_rock_state_park/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* new sig sauer optic: 4x fixed w/ horseshoe reticle, *from /r/sigsauer* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sigsauer/comments/2p38zu/new_sig_sauer_optic_4x_fixed_w_horseshoe_reticle/)**  * [h] large list - tp's, hc's, floppies (marvel, dc, image) [w] $$, *from /r/comicswap* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/comicswap/comments/2p4bhu/h_large_list_tps_hcs_floppies_marvel_dc_image_w/)**  * why the doctor should just stick to britain, *from /r/doctorwhumour* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwhumour/comments/2p3p6y/why_the_doctor_should_just_stick_to_britain/)**  * also used some marbles and tonic water with the macro lens. thoughts?, *from /r/photocritique* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/photocritique/comments/2p2yj9/also_used_some_marbles_and_tonic_water_with_the/)**  * angry, *from /r/captioned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/captioned/comments/2p3unu/angry/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* about an hour after the final scene in many disney movies, the main character will be losing her virginity., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p2nb3/about_an_hour_after_the_final_scene_in_many/)**  * make hotdogs that cook themselves when you crack them like glowsticks, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2p2wif/make_hotdogs_that_cook_themselves_when_you_crack/)**  *  counting other people's sins does not make you a saint.  ~ author unknown, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2p2evv/counting_other_peoples_sins_does_not_make_you_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
salutations my friends, my name is shoumik, and i am currently studying at the university of california at berkeley. i am a freelance writer with a plethora of needs i would love to cover for my clients. writing is one of my passions, and i hope at the end of this, you consider me a fit for your website, blog, or company. **about myself:**  *native english speaker, born in florida, residing in california  *19 years old male.  *many of my teachers/professors have acknowledged me as a stellar writer with a great use of diction.    i understand that some people are often hesitant to pay someone of such young age without actually seeing much of their work, which is why i'm volunteering to do my first article with a money back guarantee. this means that if you enjoy my first article, and choose to use it, you would be obligated to pay me. however, if you do not think i am fit for the job, feel free to walk away from it, you don't have to pay me a dime, and no questions will be asked.    **here is a recent sample of my work i did for a camping/fishing magazine which went over unique holiday gifts for outdoorsmen: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ddqof3ssvwuqta5f6opbwxhu9yzlh-tfuxp6ih6hk9g/edit?usp=sharing**  **what i write:** i would love to apply my skills in the writing of articles, reviews, testimonials,  news reports, progress summaries, and much more!  **what i charge:** as you can probably see from the title of this post, **i charge 4 per word, which comes out to be $40 for a 1000 word article or $20 for a 500 article.** my prices are considered to be fairly cheap for a freelance writer, as many opt to charge $60+ for 1000 words, but the reason i'm charging at this rate is because i'm fairly new to the game, and am trying to pump out high quality content for my portfolio. i guarantee that my turnaround time wouldn't be more than a week, meaning you should expect your article to be with you in less than 7 days. all the funds from my freelance writing "career" would go towards helping to pay off my student loans as well as new clothes.  i would expect to be paid after each article. if you have any questions, please comment or pm me. i would be more than elated to answer them.if interested in my work, please pm me asap! winter break is coming soon, and i'll be able to produce very quickly with the extra time on my hands. thanks and happy holidays!  -shoumik chaudhuri++$++14
new to tinder but recently came across a profile of a friend but i was sure that the app doesn't show you facebook friends. as referenced in this article: http://www.knowyourmobile.com/apps/tinder/22254/how-keep-your-tinder-private-your-facebook*"tinder has now taken this tick box away and it is now on by default. you cant switch it off meaning if you are friends with someone on facebook they will never appear in your potential matches and youll never appear in theirs."*but i just saw a friend come up and the strange thing is it said we had no mutual friends when we have plenty on facebook. she's a close friend of mine so i texted her and asked if she used a fake profile. she said she didn't. i don't think she's lying since she has no reason to. any idea? not a huge deal but i'm curious.++$++20
i am utilizing jisho.org, anki, and iknow to study kanji that show up directly from the srs system (using anki core 10k) and also ones that are useful from context (from iknow.jp curriculum as well as ones i find in sentences)i am doing trying out the rote memorization tactic for learning kanji. my question is, is  the same *word* as  but simply conjugated or is it different? i know they both mean to open, but is there a difference. my rote memorization strategy is writing down each compound (or at least a few important ones) which include  and then writing one notebook line for each compound at least. i realize this is a simple question i am asking but your help is appreciated.about me as a student:i am familiar with japanese and have taken 4 years in hs, 2 years at the university level, and been self-studying half heartedly for a while. most of the grammatical rules are not new to me -  imo, 90% of learning is simply not forgetting. i have forgotten a lot, but am trying to pick back up and i want to go for at least n3 by summer 2015 and n2 by dec 2015 (i live in socal).many will say this won't help, tell me to use rtk, etc. i don't know what is right. what i do know is i'm tired of wasting time researching *ways* to study, without actually studying. one problem i have is also continuing to ask so many questions it impedes my learning (like this one possibly). if you think this isn't important, please let me know as im learning to just absorb and let the minor questions go**edit**:  i found this thread, but it seems to have only added more questionshttp://lang-8.com/444527/journals/1799389++$++25
so, today i redeemed my digital copies for the new tmnt, guardians of the galaxy, and maleficent. but every time i click on one of them to play, it goes to the menu like it should, and then i press play and it goes black where the movie should be, no sound, can't see my curser on the screen when it is one the movie, and my task manager says my itunes is not responding. it can't be a virus because i factory reset my computer to try and fix the problem. can someone please tell me how i can fix this?++$++19
so i have been on here a few weeks and i have failed a couple times since then however i started taking this thing seriously and i have found the thing that triggers me. b4 i tell i just ended a 10 day streak which is the longest since i was in 6th grade wow. i felt good abstaining really good but then i thought what if i just take a peak next thing i know i fapping away and a minute or less latter streak over. the # 1 secret just don't look at porn. its that simple. you can go as long as you want just don't look at porn.++$++19
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on saturday.  **report period:**   friday, december 05, 2014 through thursday, december 11, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asianhotties** [[full report](/2p5dt1)]   ---* [a smile to brighten any day](/2ogkr2)  * [evelyn lin](/2ocqq1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/baseball** [[full report](/2p5rrm)]   ---* [sorry expos.](/2otkmr)  * [madison bumgarner once dated a girl named madison bumgarner](/2orny2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bestof** [[full report](/2p5hqj)]   ---* [u/17th_knight explains the myth of "if you can speak you can breathe" to his fellow officers](/2oobnl)  * [/u/chokingvictim writes a hypothetical "told-you-so" message from wikipedia founder, if the site were to be shut down for lack of donations. it's hilarious and more compelling than any other appeal i've ever seen.](/2ovm9k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/collegebasketball** [[full report](/2p5kbf)]   ---* [the seattle times copy editor: "eh, what the fuck, run it."](/2opej6)  * [[post game thread] njit upsets #18 michigan, 72-70](/2oha87)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiracy** [[full report](/2p5pcw)]   ---* ["cia torture report..." reaches #4 on front page. gets deleted. swaps places with "til that the soviet army raped over 2,000,000 german women..." posted by 3 year user with no history.](/2owc1b)  * [remember, cia officer and whistleblower, john kiriakou, is the only reason why we learned of waterboarding in the first place.](/2osx0l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cyberlaws** [[full report](/2p5d44)]   ---* [judge: give nsa unlimited access to digital data: "i think privacy is actually overvalued."](/2ojqms)  * [wyden introduces bill to ban government-mandated backdoors into americans cellphones and computers](/2ob1vr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/documentaries** [[full report](/2p5g7i)]   ---* [short: the very first time a "perdue" chicken-factory farmer allows film crew inside the farm to reveal the cruelty on chickens and the despicable conditions they are rapidly raised in. (2014) [cc]](/2oqx4a)  * [how putin came to power (2005) this documentary traces the stunningly rapid ascension of this political unknown to leadership of the kremlin.(46 mins)](/2ocapr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/economics** [[full report](/2p5mu3)]   ---* [study : the decline in labor unions has played a larger role in fostering increased wage inequality in the united states](/2ouzz8)  * ["the poor are more likely than other people to make bad economic decisions. this is not because they are irrational or foolish but because so much is stacked against them."](/2orwt8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/everythingscience** [[full report](/2p5jms)]   ---* [16 years ago, a doctor published a study. it was completely made up, and it made us all sicker.](/2p0byw)  * [billionaire bought james watsons nobel prize medal ($4.1 million) in order to return it](/2orrun)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitness** [[full report](/2p5tj2)]   ---* [from skinny to fit - my transformation from 160lb to 250lb also ama and who wants to lift in san diego?](/2ow3v7)  * [my transformation](/2ohq62)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/food** [[full report](/2p5qy3)]   ---* [why i love flying through tokyo narita: international terminal, gate 32](/2on90k)  * [breakfast in rural hokkaido](/2oi394)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/freekarma** [[full report](/2p5fqg)]   ---* [i need 5 karma to reach 200 so here's a duck](/2oor4k)  * [doesn't this arrow look friendly?](/2ojog6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fullmoviesonyoutube** [[full report](/2p5fb7)]   ---* [spaceballs (1987)](/2ogbt7)  * [the road to el dorado (2000) [720p]](/2om8jy)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gaming** [[full report](/2p5uuc)]   ---* [today we lost ralph baer the inventor and father of video games :(](/2ol2pw)  * [finished painting my 1950s tribute to portal 2](/2ohkpr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewild** [[full report](/2p5q76)]   ---* [good morning. i am ready {f}or some football!](/2ok649)  * [all real, wanna [f]eel?](/2oj2ea)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/history** [[full report](/2p5ek3)]   ---* [a crew is at work in boston unearthing a time capsule believed buried by samuel adams and paul revere.](/2ozuwe)  * [homo erectus engraving could re-write human history, and might show art began 400,000 years earlier than we knew](/2ocb7x)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indiegaming** [[full report](/2p5dg0)]   ---* [character animations for heart forth alicia](/2odxft)  * [no man's sky, a procedurally generated science fiction, exploration, adventure game [new trailer]](/2og3k7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/interestingasfuck** [[full report](/2p5gzj)]   ---* [a meandering river of flowers](/2ojsu2)  * [soccer ball fired backwards at 50mph from the bed of a truck moving forwards at 50mph](/2ox0p2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/kpop** [[full report](/2p5iyk)]   ---* [shinee run into jack black at the airport](/2odikc)  * [2ne1 signed with capitol records, re-released i am the best" on itunes, will release international debut album in 2015](/2oz76t)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladybonersgw** [[full report](/2p5nom)]   ---* [ the best time to wear a striped sweaterrr... oh to hell with it, i'm taking it off now.](/2ojw73)  * [for the dilf lovers. an album because it's friday and i am almost 41. you ladies are so kind, thanks for the love!](/2odeii)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/law** [[full report](/2p5e5y)]   ---* [harvard business school professor goes to war over $4 worth of chinese food](/2osqth)  * [texas bill would ban "affluenza" defense](/2oz4c3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/leaves** [[full report](/2p5ezg)]   ---* [a reminder on who we are and what /r/leaves is about.](/2ozvn8)  * [they asked if anyone had ever had a bad experience with marijuana in /r/askreddit. this is what i wrote.](/2ouq8t)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/metacanada** [[full report](/2p5hbj)]   ---* [get ready for this new dank meme in canadian politics: loyalism = racism](/2oe6hi)  * [benned for being shitlord](/2oww2a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nostupidquestions** [[full report](/2p5ois)]   ---* [do christmas songs in australia talk about sunny days and beaches as opposed to winter wonderlands and snowfall?](/2ohdy1)  * [isn't it illegal to have a ceo earn $1 because of minimum wage?](/2ocw1t)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sports** [[full report](/2p5l4l)]   ---* [a sport called headis we play here in germany](/2orf92)  * [that's football. charles, that's football.](/2od5so)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/television** [[full report](/2p5lx7)]   ---* [hbo will reportedly launch its standalone service in april alongside game of thrones](/2ose16)  * [president obama will appear for final colbert report interview](/2ocb1k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thathappened** [[full report](/2p5i90)]   ---* [will ferrell appears in every yearbook](/2oqmkg)  * [taylor swift notices tumblr user's taylor swift phone background](/2ogswn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thickchixxx** [[full report](/2p5d8p)]   ---* [thick tits and thighs jiggle while she gets stuffed with his dong. dayum!](/2ozmju)  * [ashley alexiss](/2oogjl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trees** [[full report](/2p5sm2)]   ---* [surprise: the congressman who just destroyed dc's marijuana plans is bought off by big pharma.](/2oz2pr)  * [this week congress blocked initiative 71, which would have ostensibly laid the groundwork to tax and regulate marijuana in dc (similar to colorado ). the initiative was approved by 70% of the voters. still, congress refused to pass the initiative. this is a sad day for marijuana advocates.](/2ovrqc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i gave in to the peer pressure yesterday. my friend had a 18th birthday party. this was a bad step and i need to get back on the track. luckily, i know that at least for the next two days, there will be on opportunities to relapse whatsoever. that's good. i want to ask if the withdrawal symptoms are going to be as bad as the first time, or if it's gonna be milder. is my psyche going to forgive this one mistake or am i going to go through all the shit of the first few days again?++$++18
there's all these conflicting theories on how the dinosaurs went extinct, but what if it wasn't natural disasters like asteroids, eruptions and global warming? what if aliens killed them then planted human seeds to grow for experiments, harvesting, etc.++$++30
i gave up on the news several months ago because of the constant sensationalism and the biased reporting. it started with cnn, then the local channels, followed by reddit, and finally i gave up on npr. i no longer hear any news and the quality of my life has increased dramatically.however, with the release of the senate report on the use of cia torture, i've allowed myself to be temporarily exposed to the media for a short period of time.the covering of this story is outrageous and has me gritting my teeth in anger. every major network seemed to invite people from the cia on the next day. it was as if there was a major psyops campaign going on to reflect any blame. no reporter had the balls to go into detail about the report. they refused to call it torture and used the word "enhanced interrogation technique." what the fuck is that? no, "good-cop-bad-cop" is interrogation. simulating drowning, having mock executions, force feeding and anal rape, sleep deprivation, etc. it's fucking sick.not once did they mention that 26 or ~1/5 of the current detainees are **innocent**. i didn't hear anyone bring up that these people are being indefinitely detained without a fucking trial.no, it was completely one-sided stories from the cia across every form of media that i accessed. one after another, they all proceeded to defend the cia's actions. excusing it because our enemies do it too. **are you saying you want the us to be as bad as the fucking terrorists?!**and the fucking worst part is that ~of our government excuses this even though it's clearly illegal. if it wasn't, they would have the balls to do it on us land and they wouldn't be afraid to release information about the torture in the first place.when i talk to my friends and acquaintances about it only about 1/2 of them care and about 1/3 of them are completely ok with this. they always want the government out of their lives but for some reason they're perfectly fine with the idea that the cia can kidnap people, anally rape them, and hold them indefinitely without trial or cause, even if they're innocent.reddit is the only place i see where people care, but even on here there are plenty of people who defend these actions. the only person i know in real life who is legitimately upset about it is my dad.++$++17
i'm currently trying to switch careers from local television news to something different and i'm looking to give my resume a clean and simplistic look to it.  are there any videos you've watched or great templates that would be eye catching to a possible employer?++$++31
hello boys and girls. first post here. i've been trying various distributions in the last months (yes, it's that bad) and i've boiled it down to choosing between two: xubuntu and manjaro xfce and would like opinions because both of them felt roughly similar. on one hand it will be easier to get support for xubuntu from irc chat and sites such as http://askubuntu.com/. on the other i'm thinking that because it's not rolling release i'll have somewhat dated program versions installed compared to manjaro's rolling release. i haven't got the chance to familiarize myself with manjaro's repos (they're not the same as arch's but i think you can still yaourt?).heeeelp! :(++$++33
well, 3 points is 3 points, lads. not pretty, but we'll take it! 7 wins on the trot in all competitions now!++$++21
i have a $2,000 spending credit limit on my chase freedom and throughout the month i can probably spend about $400-800 dollars. i'm always able to pay it off entirely but i was told not to use so much of my line on the credit card. i feel that if i'm able to use the credit card and gain rewards, i may as well capitalize on it as much as possible.i've only had the card for about 3 months so i think it might be too soon to ask for a credit line increase. what should i do here? more spending on debit and less on credit to avoid putting too much on the card?++$++20
there is [50% off the striiv fusion here](https://stacksocial.com/sales/striiv-fusion-the-sleekest-smartwatch-fitness-tracker-hybrid?rid=1238367) at the moment. i was gonna wait for the nabu but this seems good enough for my requirements.does anyone own it? it does not say much about battery life and i want to know a bit more about its battery life before i buy it!++$++22
in multiple personality disorder we have something that person can have  more than one distinct personalities.   my question is what if multiple personalities create one entity? you share everything but depending from which personalities is more active you take different actions? simplest example that one day you are more introverted and other day extroverted.   the idea is rather hard to imagine and explain but i find it quite amusing.++$++23
from page 141 of the torture report:&gt; majid khan was then subjected to involuntary rectal feeding and rectal hydration, which included two bottles of ensure. later that same day, majid khan's "lunch tray," consisting of hummus, pasta with sauce, nuts, and raisins, was "pureed" and rectally infused.from page 561&gt; at least five detainees were subjected to rectal rehydration or rectal feeding. there is at least one record of abu zubaydah receiving "rectal fluid resuscitation" for "partially refusing liquids." according to cia records, majid khan was "very hostile" to rectal feeding and removed the rectal tube as soon as he was allowed to. ksm was subjected to rectal rehydration without a determination of medical need, a procedure that ksm interrogator and chief of interrogations, [redacted], would later characterize as illustrative of the interrogator's "total control over the detainee." marwan al-jabbur was subjected to what was originally referred to in a cable as an "enema," but was later acknowledged to be rectal rehydration. both al-nashiri and majid khan were subjected to rectal feeding.from page 514&gt; as was described in the context of the rectal feeding of al-nashiri, ensure was infused into al-nashiri "in a forward-facing position (trendlenberg) with head lower than torso."edit: formatting++$++18
thanks for opening my thread! i'm lindsey, and i'm 20 years old, bi, and horny. i'm 5'6", slender and busty, with red hair (dyed from blonde) and blue eyes. i'm a little on the nerdy side, being fluent in both pokemon and legend of zelda. i really need an outlet so that i can release some of this tension that i've got building up. i'm really horny, and need a good bit of inspiration so i can bust my toys out. i love dirty chat, roleplay, and sharing porn.right now i've got a certain idea on my mind that i would love to rp with someone: i want to (potential ageplay) find out that my daddy has an absolutely massive cock....maybe i catch him jerking it (kind of cliche, oh well) or fucking mommy or some other bimbo. then i want him to show me all the fun a girl can have with a big dicked daddy! (maybe even while mommy watches)i'd also love for a dominant mommy to be so pent up that she decides to use my big brother and i for her own sexual ends, making us put on shows for her and service her, even though we're not very experienced yet.things i'm into: light bondage, ageplay, incest, non-human, hentai, big cocks, sizeplay, cumplay, toys, and exhibitionism/voyeurism.things i am decidely not into and prefer not be mentioned: breeding, blood, scat, and piss.i'd love to get a big red envelope from you full of inspiration so we can start working together to get each other off!++$++20
i was very nervous leading up the w5d3 knowing it would be extremely hard. i got to the walking part and i felt 0 fear knowing that wasn't going to help. when it said "okay, run!" i just started going, immediately zoning out. i ran and i ran most comfortable as ever because i just got nice running clothes today. heading to the peak distance away from my house doing the 5k path, the app tells me "cool-down! walk." this is where the amazing part comes in. i ran all through the walking cool-down and i was able to finish all of the 5k. my overall time was 36 minutes! i ran for 30 minutes straight tonight. the feeling is unreal, knowing 6 weeks ago i has only dreams of being able to run. for all the beginners; it's not easy at all to do this, but that's what makes it amazing. go into this knowing it will hurt but the reward is well worth it. it was never a walk in the park but being able to come from 30 seconds killing me to running 30 minutes and feeling invincible is amazing. keep at it!++$++16
i'm wondering if dani alves is worth the multiple 10k's or are there comparable la liga defenders for much cheaper?++$++20
english is my second language. i am no artist. i am really lousy at drawing. but i actually have a skill to trace (i am sorry if that term is not correct) art. like you put blank paper on top of picture and put lights behind picture to help visual and draw exactly what it is shown. usually i use that method to paint and etc. i recent learned that you can use adobe illustrator to animation manga and etc like that. i already have that program. i can easily draw everything what is on manga through trace method. i realized that i'd need to have every detail. i know it will take lot of works to get simple 5 seconds anime done. i want to work on small then bigger then bigger. i am planning to animation some of bleach since it is my top favorite manga. i would like to animation a scene where otseu one shotting 3 elite soldiers.  /since i am deaf, my animations works is obliviously silent. if you try to watch my work, you'd not hear anything at all. will that affect how people view my work? i am not planning to be animator. i just want to enjoy making anime in my free time but i do care what people think. i have no knowledge on what exact colors i need to use to coloring animation. i am pretty much newbie at this. any tips i need to know? how many hours i need to practice on drawing? i know i'd need to have ability with drawing that'd help lot with animation even if i can trace drawing. throw at me what you got :)++$++21
hey guys, sorry that i have resorted to begging, but i wanted to get my friend skyrim for christmas, but sadly i do not have enough money. i know that you guys understand how fun skyrim is, and how much time you can put into it, and i want him to understand how i feel.i really hate to beg, but if anyone is willing to purchase the game for him, it would really mean a lot! i don't care if it is the legendary edition or not, all i care about is that he gets to enjoy it the way we have!his steam profile is [right here](http://steamcommunity.com/id/theyummie/), but if you want to send it to me so i can gift it to him when christmas comes, here is [my steam profile](http://steamcommunity.com/id/corruptedcopper/)!thank you all again for even considering it, it means a lot!++$++15
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* cia morale 'deeply hurt' following senate report, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2p677y/cia_morale_deeply_hurt_following_senate_report/)**  * us may have had black site in romania, says ex spy chief, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2p616l/us_may_have_had_black_site_in_romania_says_ex_spy/)**  * nyc police union wants mayor banned from funerals, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2p63l0/nyc_police_union_wants_mayor_banned_from_funerals/)**  * eight year old girl with optical nerve cancer just wants cards for christmas. reddit, let's make this happen!, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2p6go6/eight_year_old_girl_with_optical_nerve_cancer/)**  * at least two us soldiers among 21 killed in afghanistan, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2p7xex/at_least_two_us_soldiers_among_21_killed_in/)**  * leaked sony email reveals that universal, sony, fox, paramount, warner bros and disney plan to unite in a campaign against google to fight online piracy: "if successful, the result would fundamentally alter the open nature of the internet.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2p5n47/leaked_sony_email_reveals_that_universal_sony_fox/)**  * i see your pippen dunk and raise you a vince carter over a 7 footer dunk, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2p6edu/i_see_your_pippen_dunk_and_raise_you_a_vince/)**  * lawyer's suicide note revealed ponzi scheme involving $5 million and 30 people; he survived., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2p5nyd/lawyers_suicide_note_revealed_ponzi_scheme/)**  * silk road judge: i won't reveal witnesses because ulbricht could have them killed | wired, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2p60h0/silk_road_judge_i_wont_reveal_witnesses_because/)**  * what is a "kin"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2p69v9/what_is_a_kin/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about oldpiratebay.org, a reconstruction of pb for the time being. beware of fake storefront sites., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2p854z/ysk_about_oldpiratebayorg_a_reconstruction_of_pb/)**  * why do animals (including us humans) have symmetrical exteriors but asymmetrical innards?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2p5kh2/why_do_animals_including_us_humans_have/)**  * eli5: why are boobs, butt, and curves attractive? (or abs, back, and shoulders alternatively), *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2p6if1/eli5_why_are_boobs_butt_and_curves_attractive_or/)**  * til law professor roger fisher suggested that nuclear launch codes be implanted in a volunteer's heart. the president would be required to personally take the life of an innocent person before taking the lives of hundreds of millions., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p6ibz/til_law_professor_roger_fisher_suggested_that/)**  * the geography of plagiarism in scientific publications, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2p6711/the_geography_of_plagiarism_in_scientific/)**  * [request, plz] how to safely unwarp my great grandmother's paintings that were stored in an open air horse trailer for months. plz., *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p6znn/request_plz_how_to_safely_unwarp_my_great/)**  * are fictional languages (klingon, na'vi, dothraki) protected by copyright?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2p67hk/are_fictional_languages_klingon_navi_dothraki/)**  * "this old pink house is situated at the old dunes, a few hundred meters from the west coast, a very windy place were there isnt much that can grow. so the tree can only grow where it has shelter. it has looked this way always.", *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2p5l54/this_old_pink_house_is_situated_at_the_old_dunes/)**  * some animals have a nictitating membrane: a third eyelid which can protect or moisten the eye while maintaining visibility., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2p6cad/some_animals_have_a_nictitating_membrane_a_third/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt let your baby go down slide alone, going down on your lap is known to cause a broken leg., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2p69h8/lpt_let_your_baby_go_down_slide_alone_going_down/)**  * even if you stop a high intensity activity at some point and transition to a more sedentary lifestyle, does it have long term positive effects on cardiovascular health?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2p5w2w/even_if_you_stop_a_high_intensity_activity_at/)**  * [image] wise words of johnny knoxville., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2p7tpl/image_wise_words_of_johnny_knoxville/)**  * microwave hard, stale croissants for 20 seconds. it makes them edible again., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2p7frh/microwave_hard_stale_croissants_for_20_seconds_it/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* human dna shows traces of 40 million-year battle for survival between primate and pathogen, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p6120/human_dna_shows_traces_of_40_millionyear_battle/)**  * last day at nasa., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p5bh2/last_day_at_nasa/)**  * here's a viewer for an amazing 150,000 megapixel image of the milky way. billions of stars are visible. i spent an hour zooming and searching this thing., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2p6gy7/heres_a_viewer_for_an_amazing_150000_megapixel/)**  * maxwell's equations predict that the speed of light is constant, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p6ggv/maxwells_equations_predict_that_the_speed_of/)**  * added rgb color data to my ha horsehead and flame nebulae, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2p6nd6/added_rgb_color_data_to_my_ha_horsehead_and_flame/)**  * nasa to be overfunded in 2015, its future as bright as the sun., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2p73tf/nasa_to_be_overfunded_in_2015_its_future_as/)**  * boobs vs butt searches on pornhub [os][1000x800], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2p69ig/boobs_vs_butt_searches_on_pornhub_os1000x800/)**  * bruce schneier's security keynote at qcon 2014, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2p61w7/bruce_schneiers_security_keynote_at_qcon_2014/)**  * beautiful art proposals for debian 8 jessie, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2p6vyn/beautiful_art_proposals_for_debian_8_jessie/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what excuse are you sick of hearing?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2p61mu/what_excuse_are_you_sick_of_hearing/)**  * i'm the thug life magician. ama, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2p6e25/im_the_thug_life_magician_ama/)**  * iama 17 year old male at 4"11., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2p6ke0/iama_17_year_old_male_at_411/)**  * recap of the david cole ama in /r/conspiracy., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2p6xm9/recap_of_the_david_cole_ama_in_rconspiracy/)**  * the people of reddit vs. rogansmomma for sodomizing a dog and malicious karmawhoring., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2p7psb/the_people_of_reddit_vs_rogansmomma_for/)**  * redditor's boss had his son's saxophone destroyed by bullies. another user donates his as a replacement., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2p5mtw/redditors_boss_had_his_sons_saxophone_destroyed/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2p5rsh) /r/smoothsaves, /r/xboxone, /r/netflixbestof, /r/letstalkmusic, /r/solotravel  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* forest man (2013) - india man single handedly plants a forest bigger than central park to save his island in the middle of a barren wasteland, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2p6eub/forest_man_2013_india_man_single_handedly_plants/)**  * requiem for a dream (2000) [240p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p6xmh/requiem_for_a_dream_2000_240p/)**  * every frame a painting - the genius of jackie chan, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2p5xik/every_frame_a_painting_the_genius_of_jackie_chan/)**  * the dark side of the moon reenters the top 20 on billboard 200 chart., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2p7g1y/the_dark_side_of_the_moon_reenters_the_top_20_on/)**  * souls of mischief - 93 'til infinity [hip hop] (1993), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2p5kaz/souls_of_mischief_93_til_infinity_hip_hop_1993/)**  * twitter clock, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2p6q72/twitter_clock/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* golden retriever regrets, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2p6cc9/golden_retriever_regrets/)**  * bjarnarhafnarfjall, iceland by carsten meyerdierks [900x900], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2p6is3/bjarnarhafnarfjall_iceland_by_carsten_meyerdierks/)**  * my parents thought los angeles would be a bad influence on me so i sent them this christmas card to let them know everything is just fine., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2p71zm/my_parents_thought_los_angeles_would_be_a_bad/)**  * hubble view of the spiral galaxy messier 106 [4000x3124], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2p604o/hubble_view_of_the_spiral_galaxy_messier_106/)**  * a painted sky over nusa lembongan, indonesia [oc] [4320  2906], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2p61c7/a_painted_sky_over_nusa_lembongan_indonesia_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* mista grimm feat. warren g and nate dogg - indo smoke (june 1993), *from /r/fuckmusic* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fuckmusic/comments/2p6ch8/mista_grimm_feat_warren_g_and_nate_dogg_indo/)**  * when your tall role model responds to you on twitter, it's a good day, *from /r/tall* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tall/comments/2p6o8r/when_your_tall_role_model_responds_to_you_on/)**  * suggested reddit gold trophy case edit for those of us who briefly go non-gold:, *from /r/ideasfortheadmins* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ideasfortheadmins/comments/2p77os/suggested_reddit_gold_trophy_case_edit_for_those/)**  * anyone else think asking for advice in only one mbti subreddit actually isn't a good idea?, *from /r/intp* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/2p6g5m/anyone_else_think_asking_for_advice_in_only_one/)**  * h.r.4681 silently passed. your files no longer require a warrant to be searched., *from /r/technews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technews/comments/2p62c2/hr4681_silently_passed_your_files_no_longer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* 2020's new years party glasses will be ironic, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p6dmt/2020s_new_years_party_glasses_will_be_ironic/)**  * go out and start killing rich parents until we get a batman. lord knows we need one. random killings are on the rise..., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2p6gmm/go_out_and_start_killing_rich_parents_until_we/)**  * "if you're in trouble, or hurt or need - go to the poor people. they're the only ones that'll help - the only ones." ~ john steinbeck, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2p5jng/if_youre_in_trouble_or_hurt_or_need_go_to_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* cia morale 'deeply hurt' following senate report, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2p677y/cia_morale_deeply_hurt_following_senate_report/)**  * us may have had black site in romania, says ex spy chief, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2p616l/us_may_have_had_black_site_in_romania_says_ex_spy/)**  * nyc police union wants mayor banned from funerals, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2p63l0/nyc_police_union_wants_mayor_banned_from_funerals/)**  * eight year old girl with optical nerve cancer just wants cards for christmas. reddit, let's make this happen!, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2p6go6/eight_year_old_girl_with_optical_nerve_cancer/)**  * at least two us soldiers among 21 killed in afghanistan, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2p7xex/at_least_two_us_soldiers_among_21_killed_in/)**  * leaked sony email reveals that universal, sony, fox, paramount, warner bros and disney plan to unite in a campaign against google to fight online piracy: "if successful, the result would fundamentally alter the open nature of the internet.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2p5n47/leaked_sony_email_reveals_that_universal_sony_fox/)**  * i see your pippen dunk and raise you a vince carter over a 7 footer dunk, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2p6edu/i_see_your_pippen_dunk_and_raise_you_a_vince/)**  * lawyer's suicide note revealed ponzi scheme involving $5 million and 30 people; he survived., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2p5nyd/lawyers_suicide_note_revealed_ponzi_scheme/)**  * silk road judge: i won't reveal witnesses because ulbricht could have them killed | wired, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2p60h0/silk_road_judge_i_wont_reveal_witnesses_because/)**  * what is a "kin"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2p69v9/what_is_a_kin/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about oldpiratebay.org, a reconstruction of pb for the time being. beware of fake storefront sites., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2p854z/ysk_about_oldpiratebayorg_a_reconstruction_of_pb/)**  * why do animals (including us humans) have symmetrical exteriors but asymmetrical innards?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2p5kh2/why_do_animals_including_us_humans_have/)**  * eli5: why are boobs, butt, and curves attractive? (or abs, back, and shoulders alternatively), *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2p6if1/eli5_why_are_boobs_butt_and_curves_attractive_or/)**  * til law professor roger fisher suggested that nuclear launch codes be implanted in a volunteer's heart. the president would be required to personally take the life of an innocent person before taking the lives of hundreds of millions., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p6ibz/til_law_professor_roger_fisher_suggested_that/)**  * the geography of plagiarism in scientific publications, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2p6711/the_geography_of_plagiarism_in_scientific/)**  * [request, plz] how to safely unwarp my great grandmother's paintings that were stored in an open air horse trailer for months. plz., *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p6znn/request_plz_how_to_safely_unwarp_my_great/)**  * are fictional languages (klingon, na'vi, dothraki) protected by copyright?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2p67hk/are_fictional_languages_klingon_navi_dothraki/)**  * "this old pink house is situated at the old dunes, a few hundred meters from the west coast, a very windy place were there isnt much that can grow. so the tree can only grow where it has shelter. it has looked this way always.", *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2p5l54/this_old_pink_house_is_situated_at_the_old_dunes/)**  * some animals have a nictitating membrane: a third eyelid which can protect or moisten the eye while maintaining visibility., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2p6cad/some_animals_have_a_nictitating_membrane_a_third/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt let your baby go down slide alone, going down on your lap is known to cause a broken leg., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2p69h8/lpt_let_your_baby_go_down_slide_alone_going_down/)**  * even if you stop a high intensity activity at some point and transition to a more sedentary lifestyle, does it have long term positive effects on cardiovascular health?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2p5w2w/even_if_you_stop_a_high_intensity_activity_at/)**  * [image] wise words of johnny knoxville., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2p7tpl/image_wise_words_of_johnny_knoxville/)**  * microwave hard, stale croissants for 20 seconds. it makes them edible again., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2p7frh/microwave_hard_stale_croissants_for_20_seconds_it/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* human dna shows traces of 40 million-year battle for survival between primate and pathogen, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p6120/human_dna_shows_traces_of_40_millionyear_battle/)**  * last day at nasa., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p5bh2/last_day_at_nasa/)**  * here's a viewer for an amazing 150,000 megapixel image of the milky way. billions of stars are visible. i spent an hour zooming and searching this thing., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2p6gy7/heres_a_viewer_for_an_amazing_150000_megapixel/)**  * maxwell's equations predict that the speed of light is constant, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p6ggv/maxwells_equations_predict_that_the_speed_of/)**  * added rgb color data to my ha horsehead and flame nebulae, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2p6nd6/added_rgb_color_data_to_my_ha_horsehead_and_flame/)**  * nasa to be overfunded in 2015, its future as bright as the sun., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2p73tf/nasa_to_be_overfunded_in_2015_its_future_as/)**  * boobs vs butt searches on pornhub [os][1000x800], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2p69ig/boobs_vs_butt_searches_on_pornhub_os1000x800/)**  * bruce schneier's security keynote at qcon 2014, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2p61w7/bruce_schneiers_security_keynote_at_qcon_2014/)**  * beautiful art proposals for debian 8 jessie, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2p6vyn/beautiful_art_proposals_for_debian_8_jessie/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what excuse are you sick of hearing?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2p61mu/what_excuse_are_you_sick_of_hearing/)**  * i'm the thug life magician. ama, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2p6e25/im_the_thug_life_magician_ama/)**  * iama 17 year old male at 4"11., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2p6ke0/iama_17_year_old_male_at_411/)**  * recap of the david cole ama in /r/conspiracy., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2p6xm9/recap_of_the_david_cole_ama_in_rconspiracy/)**  * the people of reddit vs. rogansmomma for sodomizing a dog and malicious karmawhoring., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2p7psb/the_people_of_reddit_vs_rogansmomma_for/)**  * redditor's boss had his son's saxophone destroyed by bullies. another user donates his as a replacement., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2p5mtw/redditors_boss_had_his_sons_saxophone_destroyed/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2p5rsh) /r/smoothsaves, /r/xboxone, /r/netflixbestof, /r/letstalkmusic, /r/solotravel  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* forest man (2013) - india man single handedly plants a forest bigger than central park to save his island in the middle of a barren wasteland, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2p6eub/forest_man_2013_india_man_single_handedly_plants/)**  * requiem for a dream (2000) [240p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p6xmh/requiem_for_a_dream_2000_240p/)**  * every frame a painting - the genius of jackie chan, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2p5xik/every_frame_a_painting_the_genius_of_jackie_chan/)**  * the dark side of the moon reenters the top 20 on billboard 200 chart., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2p7g1y/the_dark_side_of_the_moon_reenters_the_top_20_on/)**  * souls of mischief - 93 'til infinity [hip hop] (1993), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2p5kaz/souls_of_mischief_93_til_infinity_hip_hop_1993/)**  * twitter clock, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2p6q72/twitter_clock/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* golden retriever regrets, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2p6cc9/golden_retriever_regrets/)**  * bjarnarhafnarfjall, iceland by carsten meyerdierks [900x900], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2p6is3/bjarnarhafnarfjall_iceland_by_carsten_meyerdierks/)**  * my parents thought los angeles would be a bad influence on me so i sent them this christmas card to let them know everything is just fine., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2p71zm/my_parents_thought_los_angeles_would_be_a_bad/)**  * hubble view of the spiral galaxy messier 106 [4000x3124], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2p604o/hubble_view_of_the_spiral_galaxy_messier_106/)**  * a painted sky over nusa lembongan, indonesia [oc] [4320  2906], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2p61c7/a_painted_sky_over_nusa_lembongan_indonesia_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* mista grimm feat. warren g and nate dogg - indo smoke (june 1993), *from /r/fuckmusic* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fuckmusic/comments/2p6ch8/mista_grimm_feat_warren_g_and_nate_dogg_indo/)**  * when your tall role model responds to you on twitter, it's a good day, *from /r/tall* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tall/comments/2p6o8r/when_your_tall_role_model_responds_to_you_on/)**  * suggested reddit gold trophy case edit for those of us who briefly go non-gold:, *from /r/ideasfortheadmins* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ideasfortheadmins/comments/2p77os/suggested_reddit_gold_trophy_case_edit_for_those/)**  * anyone else think asking for advice in only one mbti subreddit actually isn't a good idea?, *from /r/intp* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/2p6g5m/anyone_else_think_asking_for_advice_in_only_one/)**  * h.r.4681 silently passed. your files no longer require a warrant to be searched., *from /r/technews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technews/comments/2p62c2/hr4681_silently_passed_your_files_no_longer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* 2020's new years party glasses will be ironic, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p6dmt/2020s_new_years_party_glasses_will_be_ironic/)**  * go out and start killing rich parents until we get a batman. lord knows we need one. random killings are on the rise..., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2p6gmm/go_out_and_start_killing_rich_parents_until_we/)**  * "if you're in trouble, or hurt or need - go to the poor people. they're the only ones that'll help - the only ones." ~ john steinbeck, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2p5jng/if_youre_in_trouble_or_hurt_or_need_go_to_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
what's your day to day like? what did you do to get to where you are? anything you wish you knew when you were starting out? seems to be the type of career people just fall into rather than specifically going to school for. any advice on how to best break into the industry?++$++26
my nmom keeps sending me awful emails and links to racist and anti-feminist articles. she gets pissed if i don't respond to them. just four more months until my lease is up and i can move. it's going to be a bitch to change all my information, email address, phone number, legal name.i need this board to help me keep sane until then.++$++25
okay, i will try to make kinda a long short shit.i worked for a fabrication company for five years just over eight years ago. in that time i made a tradition of get all dressed up in my best goth attire for the company christmas party. this was helped along by them embracing and even encouraging me to do so. in october of this year, i returned to the company and was welcomed back with smiles and fond memories. well, tonight was the company christmas party. i haven't dressed in my old goth clothes in years, but a couple of the higher ranking people at. the company asked me if i was going to get dressed up. i instinctively said yes with a smile. but at the party i was meet with aggression by so of the new guys. so i left. now i have complete regret for even going. was i in the wrong for this? should i feel like i has insulted them?++$++34
sorry if this is long, but this is about 10-15 years of venting. i'll try to keep it short.since the age of 5, i have felt like nothing but an atm to my father, a puppet to my mother, and an inferior measuring stick to my younger brother.let's start with my father. since i was 5 years old, he would take any and all money i would get from my grandparents. about 2 years ago, i started up a job as a receptionist at a dental office of one of my mom's friends. now, he decided i'd be paying rent since i wasn't going to college any more. of course, i was making maybe 1200 every month(rounded gross amount) and he insists on taking half out of every pay check as rent. does it end there? oh no. before i got the job, this bastard maxxed out my 1200 credit limit and was giving me money to make the minimum fucking payments every month. so, by the time i got this job, i still had about 1200 in debt. now, you'd think i'd pay it off in 2 months, right? you'd be so fucking wrong that it's not even funny. he took 3/4 of my monthly pay(about 900usd) leaving with 300. still capable of paying it off in 4 months, right? nope! genius decides that 900 isn't enough to gamble away(he gets about 1100 ss so i took the job to save up for my own car and pay for some of my own stuff, but we were still doing okay), so he demands i give him 250 from my remaining 300 so i only have 50 dollars to pay off my debt that he built up. i was at that job for 9 months, scrounging up every last dime i could, and even coming in early and leaving late(to my family's disapproval) to get overtime so i could pay it off. when the debt was paid off, i was done with working to feed my father's fucking addiction so i quit. unfortunately, i quit in the worst way and couldn't tell my boss why as it would get to my mother who would then tell my father. so, i just said it was stressful and i had to quit or i'd lose my mind.now, my mother grew up in the ussr(upvote if you see where this is going) so she didn't have a lot of control in her life because of it. now, she's taken to making up for he lack of control by pushing it on me. whenever i did something not to her specifications, i lost my video game privileges(or was sent to stare at the corner before i got video games). after a while, i just shrugged it off and read books. she couldn't take away my text books as i needed those to study so that got her off my back. most recently, my grades haven't been up to par(just got semester finals from my college and i failed 2 classes: music and speech) and so she decides she's going to take away my entire computer privileges. now, i'm not talking about taking it and hiding it; i'm talking about getting remote access to it and putting in a parental lock program called qustodio(epitome of narcissistic parental programs) that boots me to log in during certain hours, and this was before i got my final grades back. so, of course i fail 2 of my classes and i don't get my computer "privileges"(rights at this point because i need it for college and it was given to me by my brother who had our grandfather buy it for him).finally, there's my golden child of a younger brother. now, i don't 100% blame him for being the golden child(despite him saying he's not),, but some of the blame does fall to him. my parents have basically compared my life(and subsequent accomplishments) to my brother's, who is 3 years younger! he got into this thing called the highly gifted program when he was like 7 or 8(nevermind that i got into the regular gifted program at the same age, but three calender years before) and they acted like he was a goddamned genius. now, he's in college(same as me but started during the end of my going to work), and he actually got a d and he was excused from it because "when i was going to online school it was easy, so i thought college would be the same". i went to public school that didn't prepare us for college. he had the same education as me and he even skipped 2 grades(net skip of 1 because he missed a year due to health problems), but did he get held up to a higher expectation? no! did he get punished for barely scraping by college with a d and cs? no! i end up on the border of failing because i don't understand the material and suddenly it's arma-fucking-geddon! worst part is that he claims he gets no special treatment, yet he didn't have a parental lock put on his laptop, he didn't was free to come and go as he pleased while i had to report in, and he even got his license before me because "he had good grades". i was a fucking senior when i got my permit and this was almost 4 years ago, and i still don't have my license!the only decent people in my family at this point are my grandfather, who is about 90 and practically on his death bed, and my grandmother who i love but at times she can be a handful with her alzheimer's and alcoholism.++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on sunday.  **report period:**   saturday, december 06, 2014 through friday, december 12, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adultswim** [[full report](/2p8jjh)]   ---* [look who i found in anchorman 2 (hint: a family is like a stew)](/2oubq9)  * [athf film intro - movie etiquette courtesy of mastodon](/2owjon)  * [adult swim renews mike tyson mysteries, black jesus, mr. pickles](/2ovovv)  * [for your pokemans](/2p3d74)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/android** [[full report](/2p8p02)]   ---* [android studio 1.0](/2oo4ti)  * [google mobile search now 100-150 milliseconds faster](/2osimv)  * [reddit has hired a android engineer](/2oxc3j)  * [140 material design inspired wallpapers](/2ogope)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/atheism** [[full report](/2p8uqx)]   ---* ["noah's ark" theme park in kentucky will not receive the $18 million tax break originally planned, after it was discovered that they intend to discriminate with religious-based hiring.](/2owpi3)  * [florida elected officials walk out on atheist invocation: atheists face official bigotry and discrimination in lake worth, florida](/2osdhd)  * [santa isn't real](/2p2jm0)  * [santa is real! (x-post from /r/funny)](/2our0l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bacon** [[full report](/2p8je3)]   ---* [this is how we do it](/2ox7gp)  * [bacon chocolate chip cookies](/2okhfm)  * [how could mankind be without this?](/2ouo8u)  * [just picked up this awesome sounding coffee blend! (x-post from r/homebrewing)](/2oka8v)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/changemyview** [[full report](/2p8n8w)]   ---* [cmv: i believe the us party system has devolved into an "us vs them" mentality between the two major parties and prohibits any progress from being made in society.](/2oo3qw)  * [cmv:i believe that tinder, okcupid and other online dating services have had a profoundly negative influence on american dating habits, expectations and experiences with healthy relationships](/2p35fn)  * [cmv: "everyone is entitled to their opinion" is a dangerous phrase that allowed american society get to the disappointing state that it is currently in.](/2p04r0)  * [cmv: i'd rather have freeloaders than thiefs/thugs.](/2or6j6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/diy** [[full report](/2p8o33)]   ---* [here's a tabletop i made from a door and 5,218 pennies.](/2owae8)  * [my teardrop trailer build, the wyoming woody!](/2okj9o)  * [magnetic knife board](/2oguot)  * [i re-purposed an old drum into an end table!](/2onnbj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/earthporn** [[full report](/2p8px6)]   ---* [[oc] this was the view 100 steps from my front door during the week i spent in hamny, norway. on the last night, mother nature put on an amazing show. [2048x1341]](/2okeyt)  * [one of the many sandy beaches of vancouver island, canada [4912x2760] [oc]](/2otg4r)  * [took this picture at an early morning in a costa rica rainforest - down the rabbit hole - [oc][2048x1365]](/2oqv1d)  * [i get paid to come here. took this with my phone in canyonlands, np. [oc] [2560x1920]](/2oy7fh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gadgets** [[full report](/2p8k90)]   ---* [hackers trick keurigs into making uncopyrighted coffee | wired](/2oyxcz)  * [google unveils its latest product - smart cutlery that steadies tremors](/2ojnx6)  * [the survival grenade could save your life](/2p2ndv)  * [instant transmitting paper to ipad pen](/2ovzht)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/globalpowers** [[full report](/2p8m5p)]   ---* [[event]787 crashes into oceanic union congress building](/2ounel)  * [[event] saa releases list of its equipment](/2p08m2)  * [[event] big brother emerges from the shadows...](/2p1glf)  * [[event] unification in oceania!](/2p3kuk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladyboners** [[full report](/2p8mv9)]   ---* [a guy i went to high school with is currently a male model. his name is cole monahan.](/2oiglj)  * [a guy i went to high school with has also become a male model. his name is justice joslin.](/2ojz0n)  * [stephen colbert in college](/2ox86l)  * [chris pratt - my favorite](/2ofl8a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/listentothis** [[full report](/2p8su6)]   ---* [hi, i'm wax tailor, french producer-composer-dj, ask me anything](/2osa7o)  * [brad sucks - making me nervous [pop/electronic]](/2ow7w2)  * [the devil makes three -- do wrong right [americana] (2009)](/2ok75n)  * [thirdstory -- i'm not the only one (sam smith cover) [indie/soul] (2014)](/2onqpq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mildlyinteresting** [[full report](/2p8vlz)]   ---* [pen made of recycled water bottles casts a shadow of a water bottle.](/2otn6w)  * [my dad's orange trees cross-pollinated](/2ousie)  * [saw this all-mustard vending machine yesterday](/2or3na)  * [i spilled beer on this old trunk and revealed a previously unnoticed address.](/2osd0t)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/movies** [[full report](/2p8wwx)]   ---* [til that rotten tomatoes actually sends you a physical trophy if your movie is certified fresh.](/2oeuac)  * [a blink-and-you'll-miss-it homage to jackie chan, courtesy of edgar wright and simon pegg in the world's end.](/2ove0s)  * [dc's march comic books have variant covers that parody famous films.](/2p3yq2)  * [eerie poster for in the heart of the sea](/2oxjbt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/outoftheloop** [[full report](/2p8lty)]   ---* [am i missing something big happening? reddit seems to be timing out a lot tonight.](/2olj7e)  * [how legit is gordon ramsey ?](/2p3ogw)  * [what happened to mcdonald's mascots?](/2ohvze)  * [my manager randomly puts a j in the emails she sends me. is this a thing?](/2p15im)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/personalfinance** [[full report](/2p8tuf)]   ---* [hospital is billing me $234 for emergency services even though i never received any services and never spoke to a nurse. i just sat in the waiting room for 30 minutes with a kidney stone until giving up and going to another hospital (which treated me right away). can i fight this bill?](/2oq6bv)  * [how do i convince my little brother not to take out massive student loans for a musical theater degree?](/2on91q)  * [what's the best credit card?](/2ojo9a)  * [what do you do to bolster your income on the side of your actual job?](/2ov1q8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotesporn** [[full report](/2p8jyr)]   ---* ["if i had to give up my mouth or my ears..." - karl pilkington [1200x750]](/2orwwg)  * ["for you, i was a chapter. for me, you were the book." - tom mcneal [1100 by 694]](/2ovnea)  * ["a good plan executed now is better..." - george s. patton [1200x627]](/2oo28g)  * [in light of the nsa revelations: "there's a reason you separate military and the police..." [2252 x 3000]](/2oga4q)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stocks** [[full report](/2p8kqm)]   ---* [holy s*&amp;amp;$!!! minutes ago someone bought $3,420,000 worth of googl january 2016 calls. before commissions.](/2ozd5i)  * [i never hear anyone talk about $dis (walt disney). they have been absolutely crushing the last few years, and show no signs of stopping. thoughts?](/2ooshj)  * [moving to cash](/2oo50p)  * [uber may have found another investor. this time it's reportedly chinese search giant baidu and the investment could be worth $600 million.](/2p2psd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theydidthemath** [[full report](/2p8l7w)]   ---* [[request] i saw this picture and would like to know how many pitchers (if it was one pitcher per kid) it would take to cancel school.](/2p0545)  * [[request] how many calories would that be if the cans were full, and how long would they take to burn off?](/2ov3tu)  * [[off-site] the ponytail equation](/2oiq4x)  * [[request] how big would an angel's wings need to be to allow them to actually fly?](/2os1rl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/videos** [[full report](/2p8ytv)]   ---* [dwi case dismissed on texas judge for lack of evidence. oh look, here's the missing dashcam footage. where's the equal justice for all of us?](/2ogmm2)  * [this may be my new favourite christmas carol.](/2olorr)  * [as it turns out, this slide has been closed for a reason.](/2p2wfl)  * [in new zealand this is 100 percent serious prime-time news](/2oqni8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wanttobelieve** [[full report](/2p8jqe)]   ---* [james randi: debunking the king of the debunkers](/2oz4jo)  * [a humanoid creature caught on tape in the north of jordan, middle east](/2oobqk)  * [han purple: a 2,800-year-old artificial pigment that quantum physicists are trying to understand](/2ov7i9)  * [the bigfoot of japan](/2onh44)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/woahdude** [[full report](/2p8qwv)]   ---* [humpback whale](/2p3jzx)  * [the most aggressive looking mineral i've ever seen-crocoite](/2onm71)  * [this projection onto the calgary flames hockey rink](/2ozzjb)  * [timing waves to access a 'cave'.](/2ogfrv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/writingprompts** [[full report](/2p8rut)]   ---* [[wp] wikipedia is shut down and all copies deleted for lack of funds and loss of net neutrality. this is the founder's "i warned you, jerks" notification.](/2ov45h)  * [[wp] a cure is made for a zombies virus outbreak. everyone who has been infected is cured, but they retain their hellish memories from their time as a zombie. you are a doctor (or psychologist) treating of of the cured for ptsd.](/2oi0ha)  * [[wp] the earth does not rotate. one side always faces the sun and is in continual daylight. the other side is in eternal night. cultures on both side develop around this.](/2olxmx)  * [[wp] eminem finds out he isnt the real slim shady](/2ortr8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i started my workouts yesterday and i'm a bit confused how to get the average split for all of my 8 500m pieces to pace my next saturday workout . i have a black concept 2 rower i believe it's the model d. it has the older screen and handle which i find to be better anyway. i just want to figure out how to pace myself for the next time i do that workout. does he mean to take the average for the first 7 and use that as the pace for the next first 7? because the last one is all out, so should that be included in the average? also is there a calculator online to figure out average splits? a regular calculator can't do this in times++$++24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0zbj7s22zs++$++23
i'm a math ms student who is planning on switching gears and moving into the stats world. i've been meaning to pick up r for quite some time and with the semester over with, i figured the best way would be to throw myself into it with a few projects.i found a data set from a survey done on reddit and made a list of a few questions i'd like to ask about it, just to get a feel for r.currently, i'm looking at two results: are you a dog or cat person? which state do you live in? i'd like to figure out which state has the largest number of dog people/cat people and then continue on asking similar questions (which state has the highest average income for redditors, etc).my question, for /r/rlanguage, is: the data is likely skewed toward states that have a larger presence on reddit (more redditors from that state = more responses). **how can i account for that in my analysis?**i don't have the most spectacular stats background, but that's part of my learning by doing project! any help/suggestions would be appreciated.++$++24
there are tons of hint in freakshow that seem like they could hint to oz. such as dot wanting to be called dorothy in the desperation dream sequence, dandy says he has no heart, dandy has a suit of armor in his room (tin man). bette and dot want to see the world in glorious technicolor, the wizard of oz wears a top hat (the whole top hat on the cups stuff), and the fact the the death of mothers has been huge this season, maybe that's hints to a season based on a child's story that child story being oz.problem with that: oz is not in america.do you thing oz would be a possibility for season five? and if so, how? obviously a good deal of it will be based in kansas. i don't know. i just feel like a horror version of oz would be so insane.++$++19
http://www.nyscollection.com/1701.html++$++15
going through some hard times and i could really use a therapist. how do i go about finding one?++$++18
hello! i am 15 years old boy from finland and i've recently got interested into editing. i would like to make semi-serious and semi-experimental community montage. all kinds of clips wanted.send me your clips, and i'll start editing.with love, ordinarium++$++15
anybody here have an apostrophe in their name? how does it turn out on your real id? would any bouncers be willing to tell us about apostrophe's in names? my real ny id doesn't have one, yet my colorado got confiscated over not having it (snatched it back.)++$++16
for the past 4 days i have been lost in a binge relapse and i can't seem to get back on track. i was going strong after a 2 week streak and now my will power has vanished. i need to be reinvigorated but it seems too exhausting. i feel hopeless. i need accountability i think.++$++18
what's your day to day like? what did you do to get to where you are? anything you wish you knew when you were starting out? seems to be the type of career people just fall into rather than specifically go to school for. any advice on how to best break into the industry?++$++26
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* wisconsin passed a law requiring outside investigation when police are involved in an incident that results in death, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2p9wqn/wisconsin_passed_a_law_requiring_outside/)**  * lindt chocolat cafe hostage drama in martin place, sydney, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pb0sg/lindt_chocolat_cafe_hostage_drama_in_martin_place/)**  * fox news deceptively edits al sharpton anti-violence speech to include chant for dead cops, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2p9k79/fox_news_deceptively_edits_al_sharpton/)**  * national karate champ from pakistan flees home because of taliban. gets stuck in legal limbo in indonesia because of australia's harsh refugee policy. uses smartphone to create kickass documentaries about finding joy in tough situation and his community's efforts to build a school with no resources, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2p9c93/national_karate_champ_from_pakistan_flees_home/)**  * pirate bay shutdown has had virtually no effect on digital piracy levels, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pa1ag/pirate_bay_shutdown_has_had_virtually_no_effect/)**  * player loses shoe on court, curry throws it back, chandler runs in and blocks the shoe. hilarious., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2p8uii/player_loses_shoe_on_court_curry_throws_it_back/)**  * social security continuing to pursue claims against family members for old debts, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2p90mb/social_security_continuing_to_pursue_claims/)**  * operation socialist: the inside story of how british spies hacked belgiums largest telco, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2p8mwj/operation_socialist_the_inside_story_of_how/)**  * what happened in the top of the thread on askreddit about parents who don't love their children?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2p9r3o/what_happened_in_the_top_of_the_thread_on/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* how does a hypothetical alcubierre drive solve any problems with relativity at all?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2p9wky/how_does_a_hypothetical_alcubierre_drive_solve/)**  * eli5: why are banks only open monday through friday from 8-5, which is literally the only time that most people can't go to the bank due to work?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2p8gm2/eli5_why_are_banks_only_open_monday_through/)**  * til that the hippocratic oath calls for doctors to teach the offspring of their teachers the art of medicine, free of charge., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p9hqh/til_that_the_hippocratic_oath_calls_for_doctors/)**  * percentage of students using free and reduced lunch programs from 1969 to 2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pb8k2/percentage_of_students_using_free_and_reduced/)**  * [request] how can i smooth out this edge on my macbook?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p9q6a/request_how_can_i_smooth_out_this_edge_on_my/)**  * person a has a restraining order against person b. they, unknowingly, book tickets for the same flight. as the plane flies over the north atlantic, they find out they're both on the plane. what happens?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pabfn/person_a_has_a_restraining_order_against_person_b/)**  * hungry humpback whales, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2paeql/hungry_humpback_whales/)**  * some 300 species of fruit rely on bats for pollination including bananas and mangoes., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2p9zek/some_300_species_of_fruit_rely_on_bats_for/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if in an area with questionable reception using gps, take a screen shot of its directions to avoid getting screwed/lost., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2p9cj0/lpt_if_in_an_area_with_questionable_reception/)**  * gym beginners, don't forget to take a before picture., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pa0wk/gym_beginners_dont_forget_to_take_a_before_picture/)**  * [image] my fortune cookie today., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pa4m8/image_my_fortune_cookie_today/)**  * keep a dry erase marker in the bathroom &amp;amp; see reminders every time you look in the mirror., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pam7w/keep_a_dry_erase_marker_in_the_bathroom_see/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* one of my lecturers has just published a paper on why bees and wasps are dying out in the uk., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p9m9t/one_of_my_lecturers_has_just_published_a_paper_on/)**  * california battles worst whooping cough epidemic in 70 years, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p9cjn/california_battles_worst_whooping_cough_epidemic/)**  * the sun, photographed from the same spot, at the same hour, on different days throughout the year, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2p8mjx/the_sun_photographed_from_the_same_spot_at_the/)**  * looking for an explanation for exactly what's happening in the black hole in interstellar., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p8tij/looking_for_an_explanation_for_exactly_whats/)**  * its not much, but this was taken with my samsung galaxy s4 through the eyepiece of my telescope. it's of jupiter and its 4 galilean moons :) definitely the most exciting thing i've taken on my phone (you have to zoom in a lot), *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2p9tdf/its_not_much_but_this_was_taken_with_my_samsung/)**  * this week in science: artificial chemical evolution, quantum teleportation, and the origin of earth's water, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2p9iy8/this_week_in_science_artificial_chemical/)**  * countries that made the cia torture program possible [929 x 1025], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2p9lyx/countries_that_made_the_cia_torture_program/)**  * diving into concurrency: trying out mutexes and atomics, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pa3er/diving_into_concurrency_trying_out_mutexes_and/)**  * how does one go about starting to write kernel drivers?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2p957k/how_does_one_go_about_starting_to_write_kernel/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious]what are some crazy things scientists used to believe?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2p9cx8/seriouswhat_are_some_crazy_things_scientists_used/)**  * [ama request] braken(producer on monstercat), *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2p9q0h/ama_request_brakenproducer_on_monstercat/)**  * i am a 14 year old pakistani school girl. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2p92hq/i_am_a_14_year_old_pakistani_school_girl_ama/)**  * redditor philanthropist claims reddit admin promised him a $50,000 donation, admin shows up, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2p953i/redditor_philanthropist_claims_reddit_admin/)**  * the people of reddit v. /u/rickrocketed for depraved-heart lying, goldprostitution, failure to deliver and trolling in the first degree, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2pamfq/the_people_of_reddit_v_urickrocketed_for/)**  * /u/storysnippet asks /r/ireland which irish person is the "biggest ride" (most attractive), *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2p9zud/ustorysnippet_asks_rireland_which_irish_person_is/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2p8wt6) /r/squaredcircle, /r/basicincome, /r/clashofclans, /r/socialengineering, /r/amiibo  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* stanley kubrick's boxes - (2008) 48mins. a study of the director's vast personal collection of memorabilia related to his feature films., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2p8wvz/stanley_kubricks_boxes_2008_48mins_a_study_of_the/)**  * the grand budapest hotel (2014) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p8rdm/the_grand_budapest_hotel_2014_1080p/)**  * seth rogen thanked amy pascal for having the balls to make the interview., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2p9unc/seth_rogen_thanked_amy_pascal_for_having_the/)**  * modest mouse "strangers to ourselves" march 3, 2015, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2p9c9j/modest_mouse_strangers_to_ourselves_march_3_2015/)**  * young lyre - night swimming [indie / rock] (2012) - sorry if this gets stuck in your head... new zealand represent!, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2p9t6d/young_lyre_night_swimming_indie_rock_2012_sorry/)**  * this site calculates the hex colour of the current time...., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2p94dk/this_site_calculates_the_hex_colour_of_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* so much better than marilyn., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2p8y5a/so_much_better_than_marilyn/)**  * fire on ice!! photographed by pai shaka in iceland. [1800 x 1054] [os], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2p9fym/fire_on_ice_photographed_by_pai_shaka_in_iceland/)**  * quirky chalk and charcoal characters on the streets of ann arbor- michigan, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2p9gny/quirky_chalk_and_charcoal_characters_on_the/)**  * ngc 5189: an unusually complex planetary nebula [3964x4224], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2p9p9z/ngc_5189_an_unusually_complex_planetary_nebula/)**  * amazing view of sunset over snow mountain, usa [1200x798] by unknown photographer, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2p9wnu/amazing_view_of_sunset_over_snow_mountain_usa/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* is there a way to transfer pokemon from a rom or rom hack to the six gen games with something like powersaves?, *from /r/pokemonromhacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemonromhacks/comments/2p9pka/is_there_a_way_to_transfer_pokemon_from_a_rom_or/)**  * polish wikipedia shows 'fascist state' as a subtype of 'capitalist state', *from /r/shitstatistssay* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shitstatistssay/comments/2pa2ui/polish_wikipedia_shows_fascist_state_as_a_subtype/)**  * looks like grey and brady are branching out at newport railway station, *from /r/hellointernet* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hellointernet/comments/2p96qc/looks_like_grey_and_brady_are_branching_out_at/)**  * akainu love for ace, *from /r/onepiececirclejerk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/onepiececirclejerk/comments/2p9vop/akainu_love_for_ace/)**  * bomi - oh hai, *from /r/apink* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/apink/comments/2p9ey6/bomi_oh_hai/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* instead of looking up into the sky, you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you to the surface of the earth., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p9l60/instead_of_looking_up_into_the_sky_youre_actually/)**  * [nsfw] a tv show about three time traveling unborn sperms, seeking to get their dad laid., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2p9odn/nsfw_a_tv_show_about_three_time_traveling_unborn/)**  * "if you look for the light, you can always find it. but if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see" -uncle iroh lok, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2p93kp/if_you_look_for_the_light_you_can_always_find_it/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* wisconsin passed a law requiring outside investigation when police are involved in an incident that results in death, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2p9wqn/wisconsin_passed_a_law_requiring_outside/)**  * lindt chocolat cafe hostage drama in martin place, sydney, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pb0sg/lindt_chocolat_cafe_hostage_drama_in_martin_place/)**  * fox news deceptively edits al sharpton anti-violence speech to include chant for dead cops, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2p9k79/fox_news_deceptively_edits_al_sharpton/)**  * national karate champ from pakistan flees home because of taliban. gets stuck in legal limbo in indonesia because of australia's harsh refugee policy. uses smartphone to create kickass documentaries about finding joy in tough situation and his community's efforts to build a school with no resources, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2p9c93/national_karate_champ_from_pakistan_flees_home/)**  * pirate bay shutdown has had virtually no effect on digital piracy levels, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pa1ag/pirate_bay_shutdown_has_had_virtually_no_effect/)**  * player loses shoe on court, curry throws it back, chandler runs in and blocks the shoe. hilarious., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2p8uii/player_loses_shoe_on_court_curry_throws_it_back/)**  * social security continuing to pursue claims against family members for old debts, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2p90mb/social_security_continuing_to_pursue_claims/)**  * operation socialist: the inside story of how british spies hacked belgiums largest telco, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2p8mwj/operation_socialist_the_inside_story_of_how/)**  * what happened in the top of the thread on askreddit about parents who don't love their children?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2p9r3o/what_happened_in_the_top_of_the_thread_on/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* how does a hypothetical alcubierre drive solve any problems with relativity at all?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2p9wky/how_does_a_hypothetical_alcubierre_drive_solve/)**  * eli5: why are banks only open monday through friday from 8-5, which is literally the only time that most people can't go to the bank due to work?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2p8gm2/eli5_why_are_banks_only_open_monday_through/)**  * til that the hippocratic oath calls for doctors to teach the offspring of their teachers the art of medicine, free of charge., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2p9hqh/til_that_the_hippocratic_oath_calls_for_doctors/)**  * percentage of students using free and reduced lunch programs from 1969 to 2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pb8k2/percentage_of_students_using_free_and_reduced/)**  * [request] how can i smooth out this edge on my macbook?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2p9q6a/request_how_can_i_smooth_out_this_edge_on_my/)**  * person a has a restraining order against person b. they, unknowingly, book tickets for the same flight. as the plane flies over the north atlantic, they find out they're both on the plane. what happens?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pabfn/person_a_has_a_restraining_order_against_person_b/)**  * hungry humpback whales, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2paeql/hungry_humpback_whales/)**  * some 300 species of fruit rely on bats for pollination including bananas and mangoes., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2p9zek/some_300_species_of_fruit_rely_on_bats_for/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if in an area with questionable reception using gps, take a screen shot of its directions to avoid getting screwed/lost., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2p9cj0/lpt_if_in_an_area_with_questionable_reception/)**  * gym beginners, don't forget to take a before picture., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pa0wk/gym_beginners_dont_forget_to_take_a_before_picture/)**  * [image] my fortune cookie today., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pa4m8/image_my_fortune_cookie_today/)**  * keep a dry erase marker in the bathroom &amp;amp; see reminders every time you look in the mirror., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pam7w/keep_a_dry_erase_marker_in_the_bathroom_see/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* one of my lecturers has just published a paper on why bees and wasps are dying out in the uk., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2p9m9t/one_of_my_lecturers_has_just_published_a_paper_on/)**  * california battles worst whooping cough epidemic in 70 years, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2p9cjn/california_battles_worst_whooping_cough_epidemic/)**  * the sun, photographed from the same spot, at the same hour, on different days throughout the year, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2p8mjx/the_sun_photographed_from_the_same_spot_at_the/)**  * looking for an explanation for exactly what's happening in the black hole in interstellar., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2p8tij/looking_for_an_explanation_for_exactly_whats/)**  * its not much, but this was taken with my samsung galaxy s4 through the eyepiece of my telescope. it's of jupiter and its 4 galilean moons :) definitely the most exciting thing i've taken on my phone (you have to zoom in a lot), *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2p9tdf/its_not_much_but_this_was_taken_with_my_samsung/)**  * this week in science: artificial chemical evolution, quantum teleportation, and the origin of earth's water, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2p9iy8/this_week_in_science_artificial_chemical/)**  * countries that made the cia torture program possible [929 x 1025], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2p9lyx/countries_that_made_the_cia_torture_program/)**  * diving into concurrency: trying out mutexes and atomics, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pa3er/diving_into_concurrency_trying_out_mutexes_and/)**  * how does one go about starting to write kernel drivers?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2p957k/how_does_one_go_about_starting_to_write_kernel/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious]what are some crazy things scientists used to believe?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2p9cx8/seriouswhat_are_some_crazy_things_scientists_used/)**  * [ama request] braken(producer on monstercat), *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2p9q0h/ama_request_brakenproducer_on_monstercat/)**  * i am a 14 year old pakistani school girl. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2p92hq/i_am_a_14_year_old_pakistani_school_girl_ama/)**  * redditor philanthropist claims reddit admin promised him a $50,000 donation, admin shows up, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2p953i/redditor_philanthropist_claims_reddit_admin/)**  * the people of reddit v. /u/rickrocketed for depraved-heart lying, goldprostitution, failure to deliver and trolling in the first degree, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2pamfq/the_people_of_reddit_v_urickrocketed_for/)**  * /u/storysnippet asks /r/ireland which irish person is the "biggest ride" (most attractive), *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2p9zud/ustorysnippet_asks_rireland_which_irish_person_is/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2p8wt6) /r/squaredcircle, /r/basicincome, /r/clashofclans, /r/socialengineering, /r/amiibo  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* stanley kubrick's boxes - (2008) 48mins. a study of the director's vast personal collection of memorabilia related to his feature films., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2p8wvz/stanley_kubricks_boxes_2008_48mins_a_study_of_the/)**  * the grand budapest hotel (2014) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2p8rdm/the_grand_budapest_hotel_2014_1080p/)**  * seth rogen thanked amy pascal for having the balls to make the interview., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2p9unc/seth_rogen_thanked_amy_pascal_for_having_the/)**  * modest mouse "strangers to ourselves" march 3, 2015, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2p9c9j/modest_mouse_strangers_to_ourselves_march_3_2015/)**  * young lyre - night swimming [indie / rock] (2012) - sorry if this gets stuck in your head... new zealand represent!, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2p9t6d/young_lyre_night_swimming_indie_rock_2012_sorry/)**  * this site calculates the hex colour of the current time...., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2p94dk/this_site_calculates_the_hex_colour_of_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* so much better than marilyn., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2p8y5a/so_much_better_than_marilyn/)**  * fire on ice!! photographed by pai shaka in iceland. [1800 x 1054] [os], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2p9fym/fire_on_ice_photographed_by_pai_shaka_in_iceland/)**  * quirky chalk and charcoal characters on the streets of ann arbor- michigan, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2p9gny/quirky_chalk_and_charcoal_characters_on_the/)**  * ngc 5189: an unusually complex planetary nebula [3964x4224], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2p9p9z/ngc_5189_an_unusually_complex_planetary_nebula/)**  * amazing view of sunset over snow mountain, usa [1200x798] by unknown photographer, *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2p9wnu/amazing_view_of_sunset_over_snow_mountain_usa/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* is there a way to transfer pokemon from a rom or rom hack to the six gen games with something like powersaves?, *from /r/pokemonromhacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemonromhacks/comments/2p9pka/is_there_a_way_to_transfer_pokemon_from_a_rom_or/)**  * polish wikipedia shows 'fascist state' as a subtype of 'capitalist state', *from /r/shitstatistssay* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shitstatistssay/comments/2pa2ui/polish_wikipedia_shows_fascist_state_as_a_subtype/)**  * looks like grey and brady are branching out at newport railway station, *from /r/hellointernet* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hellointernet/comments/2p96qc/looks_like_grey_and_brady_are_branching_out_at/)**  * akainu love for ace, *from /r/onepiececirclejerk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/onepiececirclejerk/comments/2p9vop/akainu_love_for_ace/)**  * bomi - oh hai, *from /r/apink* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/apink/comments/2p9ey6/bomi_oh_hai/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* instead of looking up into the sky, you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you to the surface of the earth., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2p9l60/instead_of_looking_up_into_the_sky_youre_actually/)**  * [nsfw] a tv show about three time traveling unborn sperms, seeking to get their dad laid., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2p9odn/nsfw_a_tv_show_about_three_time_traveling_unborn/)**  * "if you look for the light, you can always find it. but if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see" -uncle iroh lok, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2p93kp/if_you_look_for_the_light_you_can_always_find_it/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i've got around 1.3k to spend on my first rig. i mostly want it to get back into lol and need it as a computer to do daily tasks on, as i do not have a computer as of now.  i also play other games but nothing that requires me to spend more than what i have now.any tips and help would be very much appreciated++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on monday.  **report period:**   sunday, december 07, 2014 through saturday, december 13, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askscience** [[full report](/2pc56k)]   ---* [if a flashlight was on and free floating in space would it accelerate?](/2p6fku)  * [if the voyager 1 looks at the earth - what date does it see?](/2oqszl)  * [what's the point of linear algebra?](/2ozkcv)  * [how exactly did comets deliver 326 million trillion gallons of water to earth?](/2ow60u)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asksciencefiction** [[full report](/2pc1b8)]   ---* [when kitty pryde phases through a wall, why does she not fall through the ground?](/2p2xrm)  * [[fairly odd parents] it seems as though timmy regularly makes global wishes. don't other kids?](/2oywgz)  * [[star wars] "don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. the ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the force."](/2oq5t2)  * [[star wars] who actually is yoda? what species is he? where does he come from? are there others of his kind?](/2olwue)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astronomy** [[full report](/2pbzkk)]   ---* [orion with a 50mm lens](/2ozezo)  * [an album of my astronomy images with some discussion of equipment and cameras.](/2outcd)  * [my astronomy class made pinhole cameras out of cans at the beginning of the semester. this is my final result.](/2osb68)  * [the angels in "its a wonderful life" are based on stephan's quintet](/2oisl3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bitcoin** [[full report](/2pc6dl)]   ---* [you can now buy xbox credit with bitcoin](/2oxkgr)  * [microsoft beat google to accepting bitcoin!](/2oxrx7)  * [official microsoft announcement](/2oz0yt)  * [microsoft story goes viral: bitcoin on top of germanys #1 news site](/2p2om2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/books** [[full report](/2pc7oi)]   ---* [why are we still having the ebook vs print book discussion? read how you want and don't worry about other people. at least they're reading.](/2otfht)  * [what is the book that changed your life ?](/2ojma4)  * [for those who missed it last time due to the hug of death, this website guesses your favorite books and makes recommendations!](/2ooyb7)  * [what is the best epic fantasy series?](/2p65pm)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cfb** [[full report](/2pc9r2)]   ---* [who's in? college football national championship final rankings are in!](/2okbt0)  * [can we all just take a minute to be thankful that we aren't choosing between alabama, fsu, and oregon to go to the national championship this year? the playoff isn't perfect and we all sympathize with the big12, but i think everyone can agree that it's better than a championship game.](/2ooq1f)  * [gary andersen, current wisconsin head coach, to be hired by oregon state](/2owrq9)  * [aaron rodgers sent purdue his tape. he still has the letter an assistant sent back: good luck with your attempt at a college football career."](/2p1kxc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiratard** [[full report](/2pc01m)]   ---* [alex jones: fergusson is part of obama's plot to start a race war to justify the confiscation of guns from "patriots".](/2opmot)  * [barbra streisand is the mastermind behind a gay, liberal conspiracy to make us believe climate change is real](/2ohto0)  * [jesse ventura says the nazis pioneered the use of fluoridated water.](/2oxn1i)  * [crazy black supremacist ranting about the white man trying to survive off black breast milk](/2onq4n)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/flipping** [[full report](/2pc0m9)]   ---* [got a pleasant surprise at goodwill today](/2opbt3)  * [so flipping has paid for my semester of college](/2p3yn9)  * [tip: salt &amp;amp; pepper shakers](/2oy3hq)  * [minimum allowed pricing guidelines...been selling on amazon for a while, first time i've been sent something like this](/2p2vqr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/geek** [[full report](/2pbyog)]   ---* [i found a use for xp discs](/2ovaaa)  * [computer science ... ( )](/2oqe1q)  * [super mario leather belt with the exact layout of the final level in the original game](/2p5kuk)  * [vader with a parasol with a fancy frame](/2okfqe)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/getmotivated** [[full report](/2pc3yy)]   ---* [[image] learn to beat the raptor](/2omuge)  * [[image] i already know...](/2ojzqe)  * [[image] hard work &amp;amp; good luck](/2p3oc5)  * [[image] you'll never think about addictions the same way again after reading this comic](/2onfin)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/investing** [[full report](/2pc2g0)]   ---* [122 things everyone should know about investing and the economy](/2p46fa)  * [supreme court rejects bp's challenge to gulf oil spill settlement](/2oo6gf)  * [i've been offered a $300k investment for a 75% share of my tech startup. should i take it? (details inside)](/2oyvj8)  * [rant - why study finance?](/2p2rb6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/news** [[full report](/2pcc2x)]   ---* [comcast sued for turning home wi-fi routers into public hotspots](/2orhuj)  * [illinois general assembly passes bill to ban citizens from recording police](/2ooscv)  * [drug raid in rural georgia ends in a homeowner dead, no drugs found, and no police punished.](/2oyyxj)  * [suicide has surpassed war as the leading cause of us military deaths](/2olv95)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/physics** [[full report](/2pbxwg)]   ---* [mit indefinitely removes online physics lectures and courses by walter lewin](/2ope15)  * [voyager 1 has been traveling for 37 years. due to time dilation, it is has "lost" 22 days!](/2p0qeq)  * [cern's large hadron collider gears up for run 2 to achieve 13 tev collisions in 2015.](/2p32w5)  * [hey, just saw this in gifs, can anyone explain the physics behind this?](/2om17s)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pics** [[full report](/2pcer2)]   ---* [canadian dr.'s reply to companies requiring medical note after sick day](/2ow0ee)  * [andromeda's actual size if it were brighter](/2olbu1)  * [ohio man exonerated after spending 27 years in prison for murder he didn't commit](/2otg5f)  * [burned pattern from a downed electrical line](/2onl7g)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pinkfloyd** [[full report](/2pby90)]   ---* [dark side amazingly returns to the top 20 billboard chart thanks to google play sale.](/2p3n1d)  * [it's official: the endless river has gone platinum!](/2p51ln)  * [my pink floyd artwork will be on display in portland, or (usa) for the month of january](/2ozhoi)  * [i gave "dogs" a chance today. wow](/2okw3h)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitrconservativesays** [[full report](/2pbxlh)]   ---* [black people don't know how to treat the police because they were raised by their mothers and police are men.](/2p48cp)  * [southern strategy is a "myth", guise](/2p085o)  * [seriously. conservatives never bring up race.](/2ozns8)  * [commies are the real racists, guise.](/2oofox)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/tech** [[full report](/2pbzri)]   ---* [microsoft begins accepting bitcoin for windows, windows phone and xbox purchases](/2oyj2t)  * [amazon to let shoppers bargain for lower prices with new make an offer option](/2otev4)  * [the yotaphone 2 has two faces, zero gimmicks](/2ol3o6)  * [youtube testing feature to create gifs directly from videos](/2p1t52)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/truereddit** [[full report](/2pc2zu)]   ---* [heres how the military wasted your money in afghanistan: unfinished projects, unnecessary equipment, rampant corruption](/2orgdh)  * [ronald reagan in 1988: "ratification of the convention will clearly express the united states opposition to torture, an abhorrent practice. each state party is required either to prosecute torturers who are found in its territory or to extradite them to other countries for prosecution."](/2p37m9)  * [man makes his son play through the history of video games, resulting in interesting insights about nostalgia and quality gaming](/2oy21y)  * [justice robert jackson at the nuremberg trials: "and let me make clear that while this law is first applied against german aggressors, the law includes, and if it is to serve a useful purpose it must condemn aggression by any other nations, including those which sit here now in judgment."](/2p0gqo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/upliftingnews** [[full report](/2pbz6z)]   ---* [after being pulled over and then backing up into a cop car, instead of arresting her, police give 87 year old woman 150 mile ride to see her son in the hospital.](/2orl5c)  * [pope francis says all dogs do go to heaven](/2p30gk)  * [eight year old girl with optical nerve cancer just wants cards for christmas. reddit, let's make this happen!](/2p6go6)  * [nice lady spends her weekends cooking a full roast dinner for 40+ shelter dogs, every single week. she says they deserve "a bit of home".](/2oyy6n)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldcup** [[full report](/2pc1ew)]   ---* [if germany and brazil were still playing in that world cup semi final, the score would be would be 18,491 - 2,465](/2oryv5)  * [mexico want to battle with us, canada for concacaf support to host 2026 fifa world cup](/2p3d23)  * [valcke: goal line technology to be used at women's world cup canada 2015](/2onirh)  * [fifa secretary general jrme valcke stands firm on artificial turf for the women's world cup, despite protests from the players](/2oj6y2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
first question, how much am i going to hate my life doing this job?second question, are the ones in the back as big a pain in the ass as i think they'll be?third question, what's the best way to get at them, from the top or from the bottom?fourth question, should i do this before or after i change my oil?  pretty sure i'm doing both on the same day but i don't want to burn my hands/arms into bloody stumps.  that sounds like the worst idea.any other advice would be great, thanks!++$++21
just what the title says - looking for a nice collared set of kits to wear and looking for some suggestions!++$++21
hey there gentlemen,my name is andy and i am 26 years old, 6'4, 220 pounds, hairy, blonde hair, blue eyes with soft dick sucking lips, a nice fuzzy plump bottom and a tight, virgin, pink asshole! i'm looking for a man who would enjoy a roleplay with me of your choosing:(1) rape scenario (2) dom/sub/verbal abuse (3) pissing/face fucking (4) father/son (5) teacher/student the only limit is your imagination or we could combine all the ideas together! please be able to form a sentence in your e-mails and be articulate in your wants and descriptions of what you want and who you are.i would prefer a roleplay, but in no means are you limited to this!++$++26
i'm trying to switch careers and i'm taking classes part time at a community college.  i have a b.a. already but i'm just trying to take some classes to give me a bit more exposure to some more business orientated classes.  how should i write this on the resume?++$++31
i really wanted to try smoking. but every time i pull in the smoke,and then decide to breathe in again. to fully inhale the smoke, i fail,i cough and i feel like my lungs are rejecting it. is it beacuse i inhale it or??++$++16
i am every week going with my friend/crush for coffee. i am in love in her for really long time. from three months ago i am trying to be closer to her but my problem is that i didn't said even once that i like her. i send some signs but i think that i need to be more clear.  my problem is that i don't knew how to do that. i am scary that i can lose her but i knew that if i don't say anything i won't win either.i defeated most of my weakness like depression, being shy ... i even started to drink things like coffee( i am tea man).  i never had girlfriend so i am like scary of changes. i think that i am prepared for loosing but maybe i don't feel that i can be the best guy for her.---   **tl;dr**: mandatory summary/question!++$++23
i have two factor authentication setup on several of my accounts. four to be precise (gmail and dropbox among them). currently i'm using google authenticator on my nexus 5 to generate the tokens for these accounts.i'm looking for a pebble app that will allow me to continue using google authenticator but will also mirror the generated codes to my watch (fir example, the generated code 123456 on both my phone and my watch). i specifically don't want to lose the google authenticator app functionality (i don't always wear my pebble), and i don't really want to have to set up another generation method.it looks like both pebble authenticator and pebbauth require me to use them exclusively after a new setup, and i lose the generator on my phone.does anyone have an app like this? or know of one?edit: solved. i ended up setting up the 2-step verification keys for each account again, getting the manual key and entering it into both google and pebble authenticators. thanks for all the help guys!++$++22
i didn't hear about the hostage situation until it was over and i only heard through an irrelevant comment on reddit. i have up on the news some time ago and only hear things through word of mouth now. i feel like a bit of an idiot but after the handling of the ferguson riots, i don't believe i can trust any of them, including reddit.am i some sort of moron for doing this?++$++17
so im going to start my report off by saying that i have been a hardcore blue piller,but always liked "manly stuff" lifting and fights etc.so i was in the eight grade,alot of girls in my class. and every year you have this p.e "test" in wich they measure how much push ups,or crunches can you do,and other exercises. i wasnt fat,but i sure as hell wasnt near slim,and that test was in a about a month or two,i decided to get my shit together and start practicing(wanted to impress some females,tried to get a bit buffer). it was mainly doing it for about half an hour late at night alone. nothing special. so when i arrived at the test,there were a bunch of girls there,all following and watching the popular slim guys. it was my turn and the crowd started to disperse...but i managed to pull of the highest number of crunches,far above the slim "hot" guys. cue into about 2 months after that,im sitting with this one slutty girl in my class(not my choice) and she starts feeling up my leg so im like a bit "wtf" and then she looks at me and wants to touch my abs....(reminder,i was a 15 year old blue piller) so i freaked out and pushed her hands away.so im in high school now,engineering class,worst mistake of my life. im surronded by 15 dudes,no motivation to dress good,to exercise,to eat healthy. all of my motivation has gone away.++$++16
holy shit i didn't really expect to ask her out today. i saw her in the first time in months, at a dinner party. we didn't get to talk much since we sat quite far away (that was unlucky) but after i got home she messaged me, and i asked her out. i find it kinda lame that i asked her out over facebook but in fairness i really wanted to do it in person - there was just never a good moment. but its better than nothing. i'm going to see her on sunday. i was wondering what to do? a movie is nice, and there are a few that seem really good, but it's also kinda cliche. has anyone got anything else? i hear picnics mentioned a few times, i don't think it'll work in this case. a) i can't cook for shite. b) it's london, there's a 99% chance it'll rain. also, this is my first date, like ever.help!++$++16
as the title says i have 1 link karma but ive never posted a link as far as i can see. is there some way to find this? when i click my name i can see all the stuff i've submitted and i dont see a link there so i dont get it.++$++10
who are some marvel heroes/villains you would like to see in the mcu and who do you think should play them? ideas about the dc universe are welcome too. i enjoy marvel more, but dc is cool too.++$++19
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* victoria, tx cop tackles and tasers 76 year old man for an expired registration sticker. even worse, turns out the the sticker was unnecessary because it was a new car with dealer tags, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pckqr/victoria_tx_cop_tackles_and_tasers_76_year_old/)**  * police storm sydney cafe, gunfire erupting, more hostages escape, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pd59a/police_storm_sydney_cafe_gunfire_erupting_more/)**  * gas for less than $2 is now widespread, can be found in 13 u.s. states, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pcv7a/gas_for_less_than_2_is_now_widespread_can_be/)**  * university student finds herself stranded with no cash or bank card, is approached by a homeless man who gave her the last 3 he had so she could take a taxi home. she's now raising funds to get him off the streets., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pds3g/university_student_finds_herself_stranded_with_no/)**  * over 700 million people taking steps to avoid nsa surveillance: survey shows 60% of internet users have heard of edward snowden, and 39% of these "have taken steps to protect their online privacy and security as a result of his revelations.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pcs3j/over_700_million_people_taking_steps_to_avoid_nsa/)**  * old school prank from bastian schweinsteiger, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2pdqgv/old_school_prank_from_bastian_schweinsteiger/)**  * judge says reporter cant get public records about cops stingray use, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pcts9/judge_says_reporter_cant_get_public_records_about/)**  * judge says reporter cant get public records about cops stingray use, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pc9hj/judge_says_reporter_cant_get_public_records_about/)**  * r/lounge. what is it, and why is it private? what goes on in there?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pcbeb/rlounge_what_is_it_and_why_is_it_private_what/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk there's a crowdsourced "calendar of the internet" where you can easily see interesting/notable upcoming events., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pdbz1/ysk_theres_a_crowdsourced_calendar_of_the/)**  * if we had a train suspended on magnetic levitation, in a vacuumed tube, wouldn't all thrust from the train be accelerative since there is no countering friction?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pcloe/if_we_had_a_train_suspended_on_magnetic/)**  * eli5: why are uncooked eggs dangerous but sunny side up eggs are ok? isn't the yolk uncooked?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pcrgo/eli5_why_are_uncooked_eggs_dangerous_but_sunny/)**  * til the first thing ever bought and sold across the internet was a bag of marijuana. in 1971 or 1972, students at stanford universitys artificial intelligence laboratory used arpanetthe earliest iteration of the internetto arrange a marijuana deal with their counterparts at the mit, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pcr8h/til_the_first_thing_ever_bought_and_sold_across/)**  * most decade-specific words in billboard song titles, 1890-2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pd2w5/most_decadespecific_words_in_billboard_song/)**  * how to identify the artist of a famous painting, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2petsh/how_to_identify_the_artist_of_a_famous_painting/)**  * if i smash a diamond as hard as i can with a hammer, will it shatter?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pcksa/if_i_smash_a_diamond_as_hard_as_i_can_with_a/)**  * a 1911 pistol that was worn by a marine seargent on iwo jima during wwii . the pistol was hit by a japanese sniper piercing the leather holster and slide destroying the gun but saving the marine., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pcnoa/a_1911_pistol_that_was_worn_by_a_marine_seargent/)**  * mother anteaters carry their offspring on their backs until weaning them, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pcta7/mother_anteaters_carry_their_offspring_on_their/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt - after being pulled over, roll down your window, and when the officer is walking up, keep your hands on the wheel at 10 and 2 position, so the officer can see them. this signals your awareness of their need to feel safe, and can favorably inform the encounter., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pdrlp/lpt_after_being_pulled_over_roll_down_your_window/)**  * on body image and healthy expectations, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pd1ap/on_body_image_and_healthy_expectations/)**  * [image] fitness motivation from socrates (possibly has been posted before), *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pd6h0/image_fitness_motivation_from_socrates_possibly/)**  * set flash player to "click to run" (google chrome) to avoid video ads on websites that you don't want to use adblock., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pdmxn/set_flash_player_to_click_to_run_google_chrome_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* magazines in waiting rooms are old because new ones disappear, not lack of supply., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pck78/magazines_in_waiting_rooms_are_old_because_new/)**  * picture perfect proof that mars once had wet seasons., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pd3zu/picture_perfect_proof_that_mars_once_had_wet/)**  * what astronauts actually see on reentry., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pdz5n/what_astronauts_actually_see_on_reentry/)**  * relativity crash course | ramamurti shankar, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pd8gi/relativity_crash_course_ramamurti_shankar/)**  * a picture i took of the aurora borealis and a geminid meteor streaking across the pre-dawn sky above northern canada., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pdc5b/a_picture_i_took_of_the_aurora_borealis_and_a/)**  * so this guy detected an exoplanet with household equipment, some plywood, an arduino, and a normal digital camera that you can buy in a store. then made a video explaining how he did it and distributed it across the globe at practically zero cost. now tell me we don't live in the future., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pctq3/so_this_guy_detected_an_exoplanet_with_household/)**  * maine population density [600x600], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pdabe/maine_population_density_600x600/)**  * five popular myths about c++, part 2, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pcqer/five_popular_myths_about_c_part_2/)**  * 'adobe offsetting': the practice of donating monthly to creative foss projects the amount you would pay for creative cloud membership, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pcbdj/adobe_offsetting_the_practice_of_donating_monthly/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* if you could erase one discovery or invention for the benefit of humanity, what would it be and why?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pcodr/if_you_could_erase_one_discovery_or_invention_for/)**  * i'm co-founder of wikipedia and with my new startup, infobitt, i want to make a wikipedia for the news. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2peu84/im_cofounder_of_wikipedia_and_with_my_new_startup/)**  * i'm an expert in all things power rangers. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pd80t/im_an_expert_in_all_things_power_rangers_ama/)**  * anybody remember the 17yo girl who got pregnant and where the 17yo boy was a saint? hateful grandpa is back and she's now moved in., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pcxmw/anybody_remember_the_17yo_girl_who_got_pregnant/)**  * cameramen in sydney siege don't know they're being streamed live to thousands. /r/australia captures some of their top notch banter., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pcmlf/cameramen_in_sydney_siege_dont_know_theyre_being/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pclq5) /r/fantasylife, /r/elitistclassical, /r/backgroundart, /r/footbaww, /r/brogress  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* seasick steve's story (2013) - wanderin' and playin' the blues, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2pe1gh/seasick_steves_story_2013_wanderin_and_playin_the/)**  * end of watch (2012) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pctk2/end_of_watch_2012_720p/)**  * peter jackson celebrates 92-year-old sir christopher lee's last day of filming for "the hobbit" as saruman the white. the british actor is the only lotr cast member who had ever met tolkien, and received the author's blessing to play gandalf in future films., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pd2iw/peter_jackson_celebrates_92yearold_sir/)**  * modest mouse - lampshades on fire [indie] official single off strangers to ourselves (new album), *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pd8r5/modest_mouse_lampshades_on_fire_indie_official/)**  * lazerhawk - arrival [dreamwave/electro](2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pcibg/lazerhawk_arrival_dreamwaveelectro2012/)**  * write words with elements from the periodic table, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pd48l/write_words_with_elements_from_the_periodic_table/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* doggie you're my favorite, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pckr7/doggie_youre_my_favorite/)**  * i just spent 5 days in the alabama hills, ca. finally last night, the clouds cleared enough for me to capture this moment. [oc] [7360 x 4907], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pexpp/i_just_spent_5_days_in_the_alabama_hills_ca/)**  * i work on an oil rig and this just made my morning., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pd7ii/i_work_on_an_oil_rig_and_this_just_made_my_morning/)**  * incredible new image of earth taken on 12/13/14 [3072x3072], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pcyfz/incredible_new_image_of_earth_taken_on_121314/)**  * sun dog from my apartment balcony in yellowknife, nt [oc] [2000x1335], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pe0t8/sun_dog_from_my_apartment_balcony_in_yellowknife/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* abundance without attachment, *from /r/simpleliving* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/simpleliving/comments/2pcxo3/abundance_without_attachment/)**  * [silly?]the secret to getting along with solas., *from /r/dragonage* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dragonage/comments/2pd2qg/sillythe_secret_to_getting_along_with_solas/)**  * march releases, *from /r/criterion* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/criterion/comments/2peohf/march_releases/)**  * jets pre-intro video - seven nation army, *from /r/winnipegjets* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/winnipegjets/comments/2pdjhb/jets_preintro_video_seven_nation_army/)**  * garden warfare 66% sale on xbox live [with gold] right now!, *from /r/pvzgardenwarfare* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pvzgardenwarfare/comments/2pd1bf/garden_warfare_66_sale_on_xbox_live_with_gold/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* during childhood, we are told that jokes about the genital areas are adult content, but once we become adults, these jokes are considered "childish"., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pcw8d/during_childhood_we_are_told_that_jokes_about_the/)**  * hold a chicken pot pie eating contest with hot pies from the oven. a true test of speed and endurance., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pcoxd/hold_a_chicken_pot_pie_eating_contest_with_hot/)**  * be soft. do not let the world make you hard. do not let pain make you hate. do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. ~ unknown, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pd1fs/be_soft_do_not_let_the_world_make_you_hard_do_not/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* victoria, tx cop tackles and tasers 76 year old man for an expired registration sticker. even worse, turns out the the sticker was unnecessary because it was a new car with dealer tags, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pckqr/victoria_tx_cop_tackles_and_tasers_76_year_old/)**  * police storm sydney cafe, gunfire erupting, more hostages escape, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pd59a/police_storm_sydney_cafe_gunfire_erupting_more/)**  * gas for less than $2 is now widespread, can be found in 13 u.s. states, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pcv7a/gas_for_less_than_2_is_now_widespread_can_be/)**  * university student finds herself stranded with no cash or bank card, is approached by a homeless man who gave her the last 3 he had so she could take a taxi home. she's now raising funds to get him off the streets., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pds3g/university_student_finds_herself_stranded_with_no/)**  * over 700 million people taking steps to avoid nsa surveillance: survey shows 60% of internet users have heard of edward snowden, and 39% of these "have taken steps to protect their online privacy and security as a result of his revelations.", *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pcs3j/over_700_million_people_taking_steps_to_avoid_nsa/)**  * old school prank from bastian schweinsteiger, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2pdqgv/old_school_prank_from_bastian_schweinsteiger/)**  * judge says reporter cant get public records about cops stingray use, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pcts9/judge_says_reporter_cant_get_public_records_about/)**  * judge says reporter cant get public records about cops stingray use, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pc9hj/judge_says_reporter_cant_get_public_records_about/)**  * r/lounge. what is it, and why is it private? what goes on in there?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pcbeb/rlounge_what_is_it_and_why_is_it_private_what/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk there's a crowdsourced "calendar of the internet" where you can easily see interesting/notable upcoming events., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pdbz1/ysk_theres_a_crowdsourced_calendar_of_the/)**  * if we had a train suspended on magnetic levitation, in a vacuumed tube, wouldn't all thrust from the train be accelerative since there is no countering friction?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pcloe/if_we_had_a_train_suspended_on_magnetic/)**  * eli5: why are uncooked eggs dangerous but sunny side up eggs are ok? isn't the yolk uncooked?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pcrgo/eli5_why_are_uncooked_eggs_dangerous_but_sunny/)**  * til the first thing ever bought and sold across the internet was a bag of marijuana. in 1971 or 1972, students at stanford universitys artificial intelligence laboratory used arpanetthe earliest iteration of the internetto arrange a marijuana deal with their counterparts at the mit, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pcr8h/til_the_first_thing_ever_bought_and_sold_across/)**  * most decade-specific words in billboard song titles, 1890-2014 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pd2w5/most_decadespecific_words_in_billboard_song/)**  * how to identify the artist of a famous painting, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2petsh/how_to_identify_the_artist_of_a_famous_painting/)**  * if i smash a diamond as hard as i can with a hammer, will it shatter?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pcksa/if_i_smash_a_diamond_as_hard_as_i_can_with_a/)**  * a 1911 pistol that was worn by a marine seargent on iwo jima during wwii . the pistol was hit by a japanese sniper piercing the leather holster and slide destroying the gun but saving the marine., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pcnoa/a_1911_pistol_that_was_worn_by_a_marine_seargent/)**  * mother anteaters carry their offspring on their backs until weaning them, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pcta7/mother_anteaters_carry_their_offspring_on_their/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt - after being pulled over, roll down your window, and when the officer is walking up, keep your hands on the wheel at 10 and 2 position, so the officer can see them. this signals your awareness of their need to feel safe, and can favorably inform the encounter., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pdrlp/lpt_after_being_pulled_over_roll_down_your_window/)**  * on body image and healthy expectations, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pd1ap/on_body_image_and_healthy_expectations/)**  * [image] fitness motivation from socrates (possibly has been posted before), *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pd6h0/image_fitness_motivation_from_socrates_possibly/)**  * set flash player to "click to run" (google chrome) to avoid video ads on websites that you don't want to use adblock., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pdmxn/set_flash_player_to_click_to_run_google_chrome_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* magazines in waiting rooms are old because new ones disappear, not lack of supply., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pck78/magazines_in_waiting_rooms_are_old_because_new/)**  * picture perfect proof that mars once had wet seasons., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pd3zu/picture_perfect_proof_that_mars_once_had_wet/)**  * what astronauts actually see on reentry., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pdz5n/what_astronauts_actually_see_on_reentry/)**  * relativity crash course | ramamurti shankar, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pd8gi/relativity_crash_course_ramamurti_shankar/)**  * a picture i took of the aurora borealis and a geminid meteor streaking across the pre-dawn sky above northern canada., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pdc5b/a_picture_i_took_of_the_aurora_borealis_and_a/)**  * so this guy detected an exoplanet with household equipment, some plywood, an arduino, and a normal digital camera that you can buy in a store. then made a video explaining how he did it and distributed it across the globe at practically zero cost. now tell me we don't live in the future., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pctq3/so_this_guy_detected_an_exoplanet_with_household/)**  * maine population density [600x600], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pdabe/maine_population_density_600x600/)**  * five popular myths about c++, part 2, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pcqer/five_popular_myths_about_c_part_2/)**  * 'adobe offsetting': the practice of donating monthly to creative foss projects the amount you would pay for creative cloud membership, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pcbdj/adobe_offsetting_the_practice_of_donating_monthly/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* if you could erase one discovery or invention for the benefit of humanity, what would it be and why?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pcodr/if_you_could_erase_one_discovery_or_invention_for/)**  * i'm co-founder of wikipedia and with my new startup, infobitt, i want to make a wikipedia for the news. ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2peu84/im_cofounder_of_wikipedia_and_with_my_new_startup/)**  * i'm an expert in all things power rangers. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pd80t/im_an_expert_in_all_things_power_rangers_ama/)**  * anybody remember the 17yo girl who got pregnant and where the 17yo boy was a saint? hateful grandpa is back and she's now moved in., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pcxmw/anybody_remember_the_17yo_girl_who_got_pregnant/)**  * cameramen in sydney siege don't know they're being streamed live to thousands. /r/australia captures some of their top notch banter., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pcmlf/cameramen_in_sydney_siege_dont_know_theyre_being/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pclq5) /r/fantasylife, /r/elitistclassical, /r/backgroundart, /r/footbaww, /r/brogress  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* seasick steve's story (2013) - wanderin' and playin' the blues, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2pe1gh/seasick_steves_story_2013_wanderin_and_playin_the/)**  * end of watch (2012) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pctk2/end_of_watch_2012_720p/)**  * peter jackson celebrates 92-year-old sir christopher lee's last day of filming for "the hobbit" as saruman the white. the british actor is the only lotr cast member who had ever met tolkien, and received the author's blessing to play gandalf in future films., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pd2iw/peter_jackson_celebrates_92yearold_sir/)**  * modest mouse - lampshades on fire [indie] official single off strangers to ourselves (new album), *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pd8r5/modest_mouse_lampshades_on_fire_indie_official/)**  * lazerhawk - arrival [dreamwave/electro](2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pcibg/lazerhawk_arrival_dreamwaveelectro2012/)**  * write words with elements from the periodic table, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pd48l/write_words_with_elements_from_the_periodic_table/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* doggie you're my favorite, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pckr7/doggie_youre_my_favorite/)**  * i just spent 5 days in the alabama hills, ca. finally last night, the clouds cleared enough for me to capture this moment. [oc] [7360 x 4907], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pexpp/i_just_spent_5_days_in_the_alabama_hills_ca/)**  * i work on an oil rig and this just made my morning., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pd7ii/i_work_on_an_oil_rig_and_this_just_made_my_morning/)**  * incredible new image of earth taken on 12/13/14 [3072x3072], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pcyfz/incredible_new_image_of_earth_taken_on_121314/)**  * sun dog from my apartment balcony in yellowknife, nt [oc] [2000x1335], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pe0t8/sun_dog_from_my_apartment_balcony_in_yellowknife/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* abundance without attachment, *from /r/simpleliving* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/simpleliving/comments/2pcxo3/abundance_without_attachment/)**  * [silly?]the secret to getting along with solas., *from /r/dragonage* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dragonage/comments/2pd2qg/sillythe_secret_to_getting_along_with_solas/)**  * march releases, *from /r/criterion* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/criterion/comments/2peohf/march_releases/)**  * jets pre-intro video - seven nation army, *from /r/winnipegjets* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/winnipegjets/comments/2pdjhb/jets_preintro_video_seven_nation_army/)**  * garden warfare 66% sale on xbox live [with gold] right now!, *from /r/pvzgardenwarfare* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pvzgardenwarfare/comments/2pd1bf/garden_warfare_66_sale_on_xbox_live_with_gold/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* during childhood, we are told that jokes about the genital areas are adult content, but once we become adults, these jokes are considered "childish"., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pcw8d/during_childhood_we_are_told_that_jokes_about_the/)**  * hold a chicken pot pie eating contest with hot pies from the oven. a true test of speed and endurance., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pcoxd/hold_a_chicken_pot_pie_eating_contest_with_hot/)**  * be soft. do not let the world make you hard. do not let pain make you hate. do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. ~ unknown, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pd1fs/be_soft_do_not_let_the_world_make_you_hard_do_not/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i recently applied and was approved for a chase sapphire preferred card. a day later i received an e-mail that a friend had referred me. would it be possible to still get this bonus for the friend and myself?++$++20
so i failed my streak and have been experiencing the chaser effect. i have stopped my cold shower challenge too . should i try to start both cold showers and nofap again at the same time or will i be able to be more effective to focus on one?++$++18
so i am 18 and a senior in high school. i have grow up in a christian home. porn is preventing me from being developing into a man of god and i keep deceiving myself into not quitting. i have been hooked since 14 years old. i have pmoed ever since. i have never really allowed my habit to become invasive. i only did it once every couple days. i believe i was held in check by my guilt and i would always try to quit and only make it about 3 days at a time. it took me a while to even realize i was addicted, it came as quite a shock. i have repeatedly called out to god and i feel like i'm drowning. this is not what i thought i would become. my greatest fear is never being able to stop. i have recently found a wonderful godly girl and i am burdened by my guilt and i am hesitant to pursue a relationship. i know that my addiction will corrode any relationships. i am also afraid to tell anyone because a lot of close friends families have recently been torn apart by porn addiction. if anyone has made it through the veritable gauntlet of recovery , please give me advice.++$++18
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on tuesday.  **report period:**   monday, december 08, 2014 through sunday, december 14, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astrophotography** [[full report](/2pfuhb)]   ---* [first attempt at photographing the sun. any love for our closest star ?](/2p35ab)  * [christmas came early this year](/2opkls)  * [i got this shot of m42 during last night's meteor shower](/2p9r4a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canadapolitics** [[full report](/2pfyls)]   ---* [the harper government is killing access to information  slowly](/2paa1z)  * [canada opts not to block international trade in 76 endangered species.](/2owpz8)  * [nenshi: passing bill 10 would bring international attention toward what kinds of hillbillies we are](/2p1wk5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlejerkaustralia** [[full report](/2pfv8r)]   ---* [please sign my petition "stop target giving away free copies of mein kampf to customers".](/2olzao)  * [for every upvote i receive, i will stop breathing for one minute, to reduce my carbon output](/2opz89)  * [young and own a house? go fuck yourself](/2otl75)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cordcutters** [[full report](/2pfvr4)]   ---* [hbo is poised to launch its internet-only service in time for "game of thrones"](/2osbsd)  * [stupid junk like this is why we cut the cord. discovery, history, weather, whatever, all gone to hell.](/2omx7m)  * [survey says: yes, everyone really is binge-watching a lot more netflix (and cutting back cable)](/2ozbcs)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dataisbeautiful** [[full report](/2pfxvr)]   ---* [reddit was hit with massive account+subreddit creation spam for three days during november 2014 [oc]](/2ovpmb)  * [player age distribution in eve online [oc]](/2p2s7m)  * [all scores from imdb - score vs. vote count [oc]](/2onr5l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dinosaurs** [[full report](/2pftt6)]   ---* [[fluff] i'm ready for some ugly sweater parties!](/2olgxl)  * [[dino art] take a look what i did today! hope you enjoy it.](/2ozbqq)  * [new and almost-complete stegosaurus in london's natural history museum [find]](/2on4yl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/explainlikeimfive** [[full report](/2pg55v)]   ---* [eli5: why are banks only open monday through friday from 8-5, which is literally the only time that most people can't go to the bank due to work?](/2p8gm2)  * [eli5: dogs eat "dog food" everyday and it has everything their bodies need, why isn't there a human equivalent to "dog food"?](/2pa2nk)  * [eli5: how do poops and farts work together in the digestive system? are they lined up in a row or can a fart overtake a poop?](/2ox3yr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/funny** [[full report](/2pgd1b)]   ---* [ismart's logo really thew me for a second.](/2ozjli)  * [this is what happens when the weather computer fails during my local news](/2ordse)  * [a dad insisting on using his 'selfie stick'...](/2ov1e1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indonesia** [[full report](/2pg0uh)]   ---* [there's going to be a wayang version of star wars performed in bandung this saturday](/2or1b5)  * [hi komodos, i created an android app that could help speed up everyday calculation. useful for engineer, high school/college students, teacher, scientist, or professional. what do you think guys?](/2p1myb)  * [some 'feels' as they say, from indoball](/2on0yh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/learnuselesstalents** [[full report](/2pftmv)]   ---* [how to tell artist of a painting (x-post /r/damnthatisinteresting)](/2p9102)  * [how to moonwalk [animated guide]](/2os8t0)  * [if you have to get up in the middle of the night, close one eye before turning on any lights. open it after you've turned off all the lights again and you'll be able to see in the dark. [x-post from lifeprotips]](/2oy0uy)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lifeprotips** [[full report](/2pfx4u)]   ---* [lpt: windows 7 and 8 has a hidden steps recorder software that you can use to record what you do on the screen and it turns it into step-by-step instructions next to screen captures.](/2olncr)  * [lpt: always cut grapes in half for young children and babies, they form a perfect seel in their throat, and is one of the top causes of choking](/2p3eo1)  * [lpt: it's better to use a "boring" word that's 100% correct than a five dollar word that isn't quite right.](/2ou6g0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/manga** [[full report](/2pfzki)]   ---* [some things are best left unsaid [stretch]](/2p9lj2)  * [one-punch duck](/2ougz3)  * [an unintended consequence of having big boobs [seishun pop!]](/2onfjy)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minimalism** [[full report](/2pfuup)]   ---* [dallas, tx this morning. photo credit to justin terveen.](/2ot9en)  * [the motto i live by](/2pa8ff)  * [i took this from the shore of lake superior](/2p6ktn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/music** [[full report](/2pg6h3)]   ---* [the dark side of the moon reenters the top 20 on billboard 200 chart.](/2p7g1y)  * [finally, modest mouse will release a new album in 2015](/2osyt4)  * [john lydon says sex pistols are too fat to reunite](/2oznyb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nascar** [[full report](/2pfw6b)]   ---* [new look for the #48 in 2015](/2ozxr8)  * [brian vickers new look 2015](/2owiwe)  * [my sister and her boyfriend met this stranger](/2ozpsd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nba** [[full report](/2pgb8y)]   ---* [tyson chandler blocks shoe](/2p7ayj)  * [lebron hits crazy jumper, jay-z can't believe it.](/2oprpr)  * [swaggy p's moves generates an epic kobe stink face](/2p5c3r)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/photoshopbattles** [[full report](/2pg21h)]   ---* [psbattle: teenager at the fucking 1957 elvis concert](/2p6pdp)  * [psbattle: an obese mannequin with a tiny head](/2p2qnj)  * [psbattle: red-headed girl in attack mode.](/2ondsg)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/running** [[full report](/2pg0gs)]   ---* [my dad ways warns me about the dangers of treadmill running. i sent him this.](/2p9h9d)  * [i would love this](/2p17vj)  * [did you or a runner you know get engaged at the finish line of the cambodian angkor wat half marathon on sunday??](/2ov0z1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/showerthoughts** [[full report](/2pg3fd)]   ---* [i wonder if my dog always follows me into the bathroom when i have to go potty because i always follow him outside when he does and he just thinks that's how it works.](/2onuun)  * [i should ask my barber where he gets his hair cut, then go there and slowly make my way up the chain until i find the greatest barber in the world...or perhaps just a bald dude.](/2osysl)  * [every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit marketplace.](/2p0xf3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/squaredcircle** [[full report](/2pg7tg)]   ---* [triple h got his fruit basket!](/2p4ed2)  * [this sounds pretty crazy, but i think it would be funny as hell: we should send hhh a fruit basket for a successful nxt ppv](/2p3aak)  * [triple h seems pleased (spoilers)](/2p1mdi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stockmarket** [[full report](/2pfu7c)]   ---* [high school trader reportedly has made $72 million by the age of 17.](/2pa49b)  * [small caps (russell 2000) holding up very nicely today...](/2orwjj)  * [buffett's buy/sell in 2014. tesco was disaster and he exited. wells fargo, coke, ibm are big holdings still.](/2p4soj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/technology** [[full report](/2pg9ej)]   ---* [leaked sony email reveals that universal, sony, fox, paramount, warner bros and disney plan to unite in a campaign against google to fight online piracy: "if successful, the result would fundamentally alter the open nature of the internet."](/2p5n47)  * [the rise of adblock reveals a serious problem in the advertising ecosystem: seeing a threat to their ecosystem, french publishers follow their german colleagues and prepare to sue startup eyeo gmbh, the creator of anti-advertising software adblock plus](/2onzh8)  * [mpaa prepares to bring site blocking to the us - "a large meeting consisting of more than two dozen studio executives took place in october to discuss all aspects of site-blocking. a senior engineer from comcast was also invited."](/2ozf2c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/youshouldknow** [[full report](/2pfu0a)]   ---* [ysk that choking is silent.](/2p4bqs)  * [ysk there's a website that lets you read free copies of magazines, sortable by category (such as "computers")](/2oz1r6)  * [ysk you will forfeit your return airline ticket if you do not make the departing flight.](/2owjjv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
https://app.roll20.net/lfg/listing/19595/star-wars-guardians-of-the-forceabove is the link to a star wars saga game a friend and i will be co-dming the campaign. go ahead and hold off on ability scores until you're accepted into the game as we'll be rolling for ability scores. also, if you're going to pick a race/class outside of the core saga book, please list where you found the race/class so that the other dm and i can look it over to see if it'll break the campaign(yes, it is possible).++$++20
i have and amd fx 6300,hd 7790,and 4gb or ram. what performance should i expect,and how large is the download file?++$++16
i am applying for financial analysts positions at banks. i'm also applying to other companies, but only if they are bigger/well-known as my goal is experience in the banking industry.i studied excel as part of being a business student, and even extensively in a statistics course. i used many functions where you can find the largest/smallest value in a group of numbers, sort things in a certain way, link cells through formulas. i can probably still figure all of this out in about an hour (if i dont know the answer i'm good at googling) but that was a long time ago.does anyone know any **free** website online where i can take a free course that refreshes all the functions of excel just so i can be prepared during an interview and during work when i (hopefully) get hired soon? i know excel is integral so i want to make sure everything is fresh in my mind.++$++25
http://i.imgur.com/lz0nysx.png++$++23
i am applying for financial analysts positions at banks. i'm also applying to other companies, but only if they are bigger/well-known as my goal is experience in the banking industry.i studied excel as part of being a business student, and even extensively in a statistics course. i used many functions where you can find the largest/smallest value in a group of numbers, sort things in a certain way, link cells through formulas. i can probably still figure all of this out in about an hour (if i dont know the answer i'm good at googling) but that was a long time ago.does anyone know any free website online where i can take a free course that refreshes all the functions of excel just so i can be prepared during an interview and during work when i (hopefully) get hired soon?i know excel is integral so i want to make sure everything is fresh in my mind.++$++25
is this season only going to episode 11? i was curiously as to how they plan on wrapped everything up with 4 more episodes because i thought there were 13. i just don't see how they can wrap everything up in 2 episodes.++$++19
hello! i am looking to build mini pc either next month or in feb. i wanted to know if these parts i picked out looking good and good price? my price range is $700-$850. using pc for heavy gaming and carry pc around through airport or lan party. http://pcpartpicker.com/p/rb4fxr[pcpartpicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/rb4fxr) / [price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/rb4fxr/by_merchant/)type|item|price:----|:----|:----**cpu** | [intel core i5-4440 3.1ghz quad-core processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646i54440) | $169.99 @ amazon **motherboard** | [msi h81i mini itx lga1150 motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-motherboard-h81i) | $66.15 @ mwave **memory** | [patriot viper 3 low profile red 8gb (2 x 4gb) ddr3-2133 memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/patriot-memory-pvl38g213c1kr) | $59.99 @ newegg **storage** | [a-data premier sp610 128gb 2.5" solid state drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/a-data-internal-hard-drive-asp610ss3128gmc) | $63.59 @ amazon **storage** | [seagate momentus thin 320gb 2.5" 5400rpm internal hard drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/seagate-internal-hard-drive-st320lt020) | $40.20 @ amazon **video card** | [asus geforce gtx 750 ti 2gb video card](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-video-card-gtx750tioc2gd5) | $124.99 @ ncix us **case** | [silverstone sg05bb-lite mini itx tower case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/silverstone-case-sg05bblite) | $39.99 @ amazon **power supply** | [silverstone strider gold 450w 80+ gold certified fully-modular sfx power supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/silverstone-power-supply-st45sfg) | $95.98 @ superbiiz **operating system** | [microsoft windows 8.1 (oem) (64-bit)](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/microsoft-os-wn700615) | $89.98 @ outletpc **wireless network adapter** | [edimax ew-7822uac 802.11a/b/g/n/ac usb 3.0 wi-fi adapter](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/edimax-wireless-network-card-ew7822uac) | $29.99 @ amazon **case fan** | [antec tricool120mm 79.0 cfm 120mm  fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/antec-case-fan-tricool120mm) | $12.06 @ superbiiz **keyboard** | [a4tech g800v wired gaming keyboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/a4tech-keyboard-g800v) | $29.98 @ outletpc **mouse** | [a4tech f5 wired laser mouse](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/a4tech-mouse-f5) | $44.29 @ amazon  | | **total** | prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available | $867.18 | generated by pcpartpicker 2014-12-16 16:39 est-0500 |edit: forgot to add, reason i went with wired keyboard and mouse is because i don't want to pay extra for batteries.++$++21
i have taken advice from this subreddit about loosing weight. as i have no gym around,and im 16 people told me just to cut off on food,so i did. but now i have no energy to do exercises that i do daily. i do crunches,some situps and i walk daily. btw is there anything you guys eat,just to eat? like just to have food in your mouth.++$++16
hello! i am looking to build mini pc either next month or in feb. i wanted to know if these parts i picked out looking good and good price? my price range is $700-$850. using pc for heavy gaming and carry pc around through airport or lan party. http://pcpartpicker.com/p/rb4fxr++$++21
hey! so i started playing hearthstone just over a week ago but am hooked completely. i only started ranked 3-4 days ago and at the moment i am rank 14, and hover between 14 and 16. i play either a rushy, aggro mage deck or a midrange mage deck. i've been having more success with my midrange deck at the moment - i find that with my rush deck i always seem to lack the final push. either they heal/armor up or summon too many taunts for my minions to deal with.i really want to climb ranks but honesty i think my deck is sub-par. i have no legendaries in my deck and i frequently am matched against players with 1 or 2. i also have no naxxramus or epics in my mage decks (yes i only play mage in ranked.)i have very little in terms of cards besides my two mage decks. i'm wondering if it's just too early to be looking for high ranks in hearthstone? should i just sit back and play around a bit, play more casual until i build up a decently sized deck? in terms of making a deck, would you recommend opening card packs and disenchanting all/most of the unwanted stuff (considering i play mostly mage/priest/warlock) or would yo recommend i let it accumulate. also i want to buy naxxramus, i'm wondering if it's at all possible to buy a physical copy - like go to a game store and buy an expansion for hearthstone? do they even sell hearthstone card packs in physical form or is it all online credit card stuff?if anyone has a cheap deck that can reach high ranks i'd love to take a look, for any class. also i'm aware it may be possible to reach high ranks with my current decks, i just feel like my cards get outclassed - especially by naxxramus.thanks, i'm sorry if this is the wrong place to look for advice, if so could someone direct me to a hearthstone advice subreddit.++$++16
i think that it is paradox like with stone. but with stone we could lower force of gravity and we can lift the stone. it could be contradiction also because he didn't created the stone he couldn't lift.ps. i am atheist but i like to think about abstract things. create some class of gods with some features and proof that existance of entity like this is impossible. i don't want to focus on religion because they are fairy tail.++$++23
so, last night my fiance and i went to enjoy a few $4 brews at toronado when two very intoxicated dudes got thrown out of the bar after one of em tossed his cookies right in the middle of the room. the puker actually was like physically picked up and thrown out, which i thought was pretty funny, but anyway, they left. later, as we walked out of the bar we saw them approach again, demanding that they'd left their "really fucking expensive" jacket inside.just then i looked down and saw that pukey had a switch blade in his hand and realized holy fucking shit this guy is gonna stab the door guy when he gets back. i told my fiance who yelled, "what the fuck is in your hand dude?" and he stuffed the knife in his pocket, said "nothing, nothing i ain't got nothing," and proceeded to bolt down 30th like the piece of shit he quite clearly was. the bartender called the cops (the puker's compadre was still hanging around), but the guy probably was far away by the time they arrived.anyway, right then our uber showed up - i tried to google around any news reports of the guy getting caught but no luck. any north parkians know if our little beer-drunk friend was apprehended? i wouldn't be surprised if his buddy ratted him out, but i don't really know if it's against the law to almost stab someone. needless to say i'm glad i don't work in north park. there is one very angry dude on the loose who apparently thinks getting kicked out of a bar is worthy of fucking cutting a bitch++$++24
there are a lot of posts asking for advice on squads (improvements and whole squad building) myself included. i was wondering if there is a subreddit specifically for this, and if there's not, we should make one!++$++20
since hotfix patch released, lot of reports that hotfix caused even more problems. it didn't happen to me until today. i went into multiplayer and played as archer. i have 3 skills on my 1-4 keybindings. when i start match, skills are missing from hotbar. i exited out and went in again and it is still missing. guess gonna wait for fix then.++$++21
what do you think? i dated a girl and i called her "cute" and she seemed to be annoyed at it and it really baffled me! is it degrading or nice? i mean, if an older adult were to call me "cute" i would personally not like it, but if a girl i liked called me "cute" i think that i would like that.opinions?++$++22
the vision is making an appearance in avengers aou, why haven't we seen what he will look like? i'd figure we'd see some screen shot or something by now.++$++19
i didn't realized how deeply wrong that line of reasoning was until recently. any time my (7) siblings or i would draw attention to ourselves, at school or church or in grocery stores or what-have-you, nmom would break out this lecture about how the **eeevil** government would take us away and split us all up into awful foster homes where we would get beaten(more often). don't tell the teacher why you didn't bring lunch. don't tell that cop where you got those welts on your face. don't tell the preacher those shoes you're wearing are so small your feet bleed from walking in them.  the image of good parenting was always more important than good parenting itself.i wish someone had taken us away from her.++$++25
its been my dream car for a while.tomorrow ill get to see it, its an 05 sti, with 140k+ miles, but a new engine with less than 4k.what should i look at to make sure its the right car for me, and in good shape?any ideas would help++$++23
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* 104 dead in taliban suicide attack on a school in peshwar. 84 confirmed as children., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pgeo6/104_dead_in_taliban_suicide_attack_on_a_school_in/)**  * pakistani army school under siege by terrorists. over 35 injured and many dead. over 500 students held hostages, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pg5ju/pakistani_army_school_under_siege_by_terrorists/)**  * where's the outrage? congress changes savings accounts and retirement funds, and america sleeps, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ph3x0/wheres_the_outrage_congress_changes_savings/)**  * meet the doctor who has restored the sight of more than 100,000 poverty stricken people using a procedure that takes about 5 minutes, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pgm5x/meet_the_doctor_who_has_restored_the_sight_of/)**  * hackers leak swedish government logins in response to pirate bay raid, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pglo1/hackers_leak_swedish_government_logins_in/)**  * inspired by r/hockey: one star yelp reviews of nfl stadiums, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ph5hk/inspired_by_rhockey_one_star_yelp_reviews_of_nfl/)**  * former prosecutor claims he was fired for refusing to withhold exculpatory evidence., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ph477/former_prosecutor_claims_he_was_fired_for/)**  * federal court agrees with eff, throws out six weeks of warrantless video surveillance, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pi18v/federal_court_agrees_with_eff_throws_out_six/)**  * what happened to jiffybot?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2phnhl/what_happened_to_jiffybot/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that if you don't have a foreign data plan before traveling, at&amp;amp;t will charge $19.99 per mb., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pgru0/ysk_that_if_you_dont_have_a_foreign_data_plan/)**  * is the heat i feel when i face a bonfire transmitted to me mostly by infrared radiation or by heated air?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2phjxu/is_the_heat_i_feel_when_i_face_a_bonfire/)**  * eli5: the taliban just killed 130 people in a school, mostly children. why is that somehow part of a rational strategy for them? how do they justify that to themselves?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pgzlb/eli5_the_taliban_just_killed_130_people_in_a/)**  * til the fake prop money used in rush hour 2 was too accurate. after extras tried to spend what was left lying around after the climax was filmed, the secret service raided and seized $100 million in fake bills from the prop maker and accused them of counterfeiting., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pgz1m/til_the_fake_prop_money_used_in_rush_hour_2_was/)**  * how to impress with charts [semi-oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pgyok/how_to_impress_with_charts_semioc/)**  * 3d printed sculptures, costume armor, &amp;amp; orgami ama with brian chan: now, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pihc3/3d_printed_sculptures_costume_armor_orgami_ama/)**  * why was green day inducted to the rock and roll hall of fame in their first eligible year, when the likes of joan jett and lou reed are only now being inducted?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pgtus/why_was_green_day_inducted_to_the_rock_and_roll/)**  * breathtaking photographs of the human race, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pgqva/breathtaking_photographs_of_the_human_race/)**  * due to living in such a noisy environment, the bornean rock-skipper frog, staurois latopalmatus, relies on the visual display of foot flagging to warn encroaching rivals., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pgshe/due_to_living_in_such_a_noisy_environment_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: use elmer's school glue to reduce the volume on that annoying kids toy., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ph1po/lpt_use_elmers_school_glue_to_reduce_the_volume/)**  * is the "8 hours of sleep per night" suggestion backed with any science?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2phf91/is_the_8_hours_of_sleep_per_night_suggestion/)**  * [image] no one said it would be easy., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ph5go/image_no_one_said_it_would_be_easy/)**  * 10 ways to make your shoes last longer, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pgedd/10_ways_to_make_your_shoes_last_longer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* patients don't understand risks of unnecessary antibiotics, study shows, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pgjcv/patients_dont_understand_risks_of_unnecessary/)**  * villagers in kazakhstan are falling asleep en masse for no apparent reason, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pg0p2/villagers_in_kazakhstan_are_falling_asleep_en/)**  * geminid meteor shower fireball 2014, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ph0ot/geminid_meteor_shower_fireball_2014/)**  * scientists propose that experiments with the higgs boson at the lhc may help explain matter-antimatter imbalance., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ph34u/scientists_propose_that_experiments_with_the/)**  * nasa rover finds active and ancient organic chemistry on mars, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2phvcc/nasa_rover_finds_active_and_ancient_organic/)**  * forget ai uprising, here's reason #10172 the singularity can go terribly wrong: lawyers and the riaa, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pgqkj/forget_ai_uprising_heres_reason_10172_the/)**  * hand-drawn map of texas/deep south [oc] [2979  1836], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pic3l/handdrawn_map_of_texasdeep_south_oc_2979_1836/)**  * farewell, dr. dobb's, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2phym9/farewell_dr_dobbs/)**  * til of mhddfs, a tool that lets you combine multiple, pre-existing filesystems into a single, virtual filesystem. even without root., *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pgk1a/til_of_mhddfs_a_tool_that_lets_you_combine/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what movie one-liner do you repeatedly use in real life?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pgxhq/what_movie_oneliner_do_you_repeatedly_use_in_real/)**  * chris rock here! ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pi16o/chris_rock_here_ama/)**  * i'm a black girl feel free to ask me black girl things or black people things in general. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pfz09/im_a_black_girl_feel_free_to_ask_me_black_girl/)**  * tales from /r/weeabootales. op submits wall o' text story about middle school weebs, mentions aot/snk. "op are you 12?" op doesn't take this very well., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ph1af/tales_from_rweeabootales_op_submits_wall_o_text/)**  * the people of /r/leagueoflegends vs. /u/pr0hunter for grandtheft.jpeg, liarliarpantsonfire.gif, trolling.bat and karmawhoring.exe, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2phgj5/the_people_of_rleagueoflegends_vs_upr0hunter_for/)**  * /u/lilsoph posts pictures of dr. who themed childs birthday party that no one showed up to, and reddit swarms in with birthday cards and drawings for the kid., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pgx2d/ulilsoph_posts_pictures_of_dr_who_themed_childs/)**  * snoo wants to come home with you for the holidays, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2ph8r8/snoo_wants_to_come_home_with_you_for_the_holidays/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pg9r6) /r/sportsarefun, /r/soylent, /r/futureanthropology, /r/madlibs, /r/live  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* secret map of britain (2002) [cc] - mark thomas visiting sites that purport to be secret, and are not included on maps, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2phhp9/secret_map_of_britain_2002_cc_mark_thomas/)**  * autmata (2014) [480p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pgd8c/autmata_2014_480p/)**  * watching a good movie, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2pj47m/watching_a_good_movie/)**  * tim burton confirms winona ryder will return for beetlejuice 2, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pgopb/tim_burton_confirms_winona_ryder_will_return_for/)**  * 2015 rock and roll hall of fame inductees: green day, lou reed, stevie ray vaughn, joan jett, bill withers, and paul butterfield, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pg801/2015_rock_and_roll_hall_of_fame_inductees_green/)**  * courtney barnett -- eraser history [indie rock] (2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ph0z6/courtney_barnett_eraser_history_indie_rock_2012/)**  * you've a question about something you saw in google maps? this girl will go see for you what it is., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2phfrv/youve_a_question_about_something_you_saw_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my cat has a best friend. literally., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pha37/my_cat_has_a_best_friend_literally/)**  * october stream backbone state park, iowa, usa [5312x2988] [oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2phcug/october_stream_backbone_state_park_iowa_usa/)**  * when both sides of the channel tunnel first met 1990, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pfpn6/when_both_sides_of_the_channel_tunnel_first_met/)**  * the easily recognized boot of italy and the balkans at night photographed from iss [2464x1640], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pgtsz/the_easily_recognized_boot_of_italy_and_the/)**  * sunset in koh lanta, krabi province, thailand [oc] (1459x639), *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2phnrm/sunset_in_koh_lanta_krabi_province_thailand_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* while waiting in traffic for hours after skiing. thought a high speed rail line from denver to the ski resorts would be an awesome and money making idea for the government?, *from /r/colorado* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/colorado/comments/2pjg5n/while_waiting_in_traffic_for_hours_after_skiing/)**  * russia has just lost the economic war with the west, *from /r/ukrainianconflict* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/2pgny7/russia_has_just_lost_the_economic_war_with_the/)**  * [artisan] year end sale @ dapper dragon soap, *from /r/shave_bazaar* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shave_bazaar/comments/2pi1kz/artisan_year_end_sale_dapper_dragon_soap/)**  * expressions, *from /r/cutegirlgifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cutegirlgifs/comments/2ph7hl/expressions/)**  * i got myself an unusual gastby painted white. should i remove the paint or leave it as is?, *from /r/tf2fashionadvice* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tf2fashionadvice/comments/2phdzw/i_got_myself_an_unusual_gastby_painted_white/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pgr04/police_should_wear_red_and_blue_light_up_shoes/)**  * combine xbox and playstation online network for cross console gaming, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2phjpu/combine_xbox_and_playstation_online_network_for/)**  * people have a hard time letting go of their suffering. out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar.  thich nhat hanh, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pi4o4/people_have_a_hard_time_letting_go_of_their/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* 104 dead in taliban suicide attack on a school in peshwar. 84 confirmed as children., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pgeo6/104_dead_in_taliban_suicide_attack_on_a_school_in/)**  * pakistani army school under siege by terrorists. over 35 injured and many dead. over 500 students held hostages, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pg5ju/pakistani_army_school_under_siege_by_terrorists/)**  * where's the outrage? congress changes savings accounts and retirement funds, and america sleeps, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2ph3x0/wheres_the_outrage_congress_changes_savings/)**  * meet the doctor who has restored the sight of more than 100,000 poverty stricken people using a procedure that takes about 5 minutes, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pgm5x/meet_the_doctor_who_has_restored_the_sight_of/)**  * hackers leak swedish government logins in response to pirate bay raid, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pglo1/hackers_leak_swedish_government_logins_in/)**  * inspired by r/hockey: one star yelp reviews of nfl stadiums, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ph5hk/inspired_by_rhockey_one_star_yelp_reviews_of_nfl/)**  * former prosecutor claims he was fired for refusing to withhold exculpatory evidence., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2ph477/former_prosecutor_claims_he_was_fired_for/)**  * federal court agrees with eff, throws out six weeks of warrantless video surveillance, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pi18v/federal_court_agrees_with_eff_throws_out_six/)**  * what happened to jiffybot?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2phnhl/what_happened_to_jiffybot/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that if you don't have a foreign data plan before traveling, at&amp;amp;t will charge $19.99 per mb., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pgru0/ysk_that_if_you_dont_have_a_foreign_data_plan/)**  * is the heat i feel when i face a bonfire transmitted to me mostly by infrared radiation or by heated air?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2phjxu/is_the_heat_i_feel_when_i_face_a_bonfire/)**  * eli5: the taliban just killed 130 people in a school, mostly children. why is that somehow part of a rational strategy for them? how do they justify that to themselves?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pgzlb/eli5_the_taliban_just_killed_130_people_in_a/)**  * til the fake prop money used in rush hour 2 was too accurate. after extras tried to spend what was left lying around after the climax was filmed, the secret service raided and seized $100 million in fake bills from the prop maker and accused them of counterfeiting., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pgz1m/til_the_fake_prop_money_used_in_rush_hour_2_was/)**  * how to impress with charts [semi-oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pgyok/how_to_impress_with_charts_semioc/)**  * 3d printed sculptures, costume armor, &amp;amp; orgami ama with brian chan: now, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pihc3/3d_printed_sculptures_costume_armor_orgami_ama/)**  * why was green day inducted to the rock and roll hall of fame in their first eligible year, when the likes of joan jett and lou reed are only now being inducted?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pgtus/why_was_green_day_inducted_to_the_rock_and_roll/)**  * breathtaking photographs of the human race, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pgqva/breathtaking_photographs_of_the_human_race/)**  * due to living in such a noisy environment, the bornean rock-skipper frog, staurois latopalmatus, relies on the visual display of foot flagging to warn encroaching rivals., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pgshe/due_to_living_in_such_a_noisy_environment_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: use elmer's school glue to reduce the volume on that annoying kids toy., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2ph1po/lpt_use_elmers_school_glue_to_reduce_the_volume/)**  * is the "8 hours of sleep per night" suggestion backed with any science?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2phf91/is_the_8_hours_of_sleep_per_night_suggestion/)**  * [image] no one said it would be easy., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ph5go/image_no_one_said_it_would_be_easy/)**  * 10 ways to make your shoes last longer, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pgedd/10_ways_to_make_your_shoes_last_longer/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* patients don't understand risks of unnecessary antibiotics, study shows, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pgjcv/patients_dont_understand_risks_of_unnecessary/)**  * villagers in kazakhstan are falling asleep en masse for no apparent reason, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pg0p2/villagers_in_kazakhstan_are_falling_asleep_en/)**  * geminid meteor shower fireball 2014, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2ph0ot/geminid_meteor_shower_fireball_2014/)**  * scientists propose that experiments with the higgs boson at the lhc may help explain matter-antimatter imbalance., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ph34u/scientists_propose_that_experiments_with_the/)**  * nasa rover finds active and ancient organic chemistry on mars, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2phvcc/nasa_rover_finds_active_and_ancient_organic/)**  * forget ai uprising, here's reason #10172 the singularity can go terribly wrong: lawyers and the riaa, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pgqkj/forget_ai_uprising_heres_reason_10172_the/)**  * hand-drawn map of texas/deep south [oc] [2979  1836], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pic3l/handdrawn_map_of_texasdeep_south_oc_2979_1836/)**  * farewell, dr. dobb's, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2phym9/farewell_dr_dobbs/)**  * til of mhddfs, a tool that lets you combine multiple, pre-existing filesystems into a single, virtual filesystem. even without root., *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pgk1a/til_of_mhddfs_a_tool_that_lets_you_combine/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what movie one-liner do you repeatedly use in real life?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pgxhq/what_movie_oneliner_do_you_repeatedly_use_in_real/)**  * chris rock here! ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pi16o/chris_rock_here_ama/)**  * i'm a black girl feel free to ask me black girl things or black people things in general. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pfz09/im_a_black_girl_feel_free_to_ask_me_black_girl/)**  * tales from /r/weeabootales. op submits wall o' text story about middle school weebs, mentions aot/snk. "op are you 12?" op doesn't take this very well., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ph1af/tales_from_rweeabootales_op_submits_wall_o_text/)**  * the people of /r/leagueoflegends vs. /u/pr0hunter for grandtheft.jpeg, liarliarpantsonfire.gif, trolling.bat and karmawhoring.exe, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2phgj5/the_people_of_rleagueoflegends_vs_upr0hunter_for/)**  * /u/lilsoph posts pictures of dr. who themed childs birthday party that no one showed up to, and reddit swarms in with birthday cards and drawings for the kid., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pgx2d/ulilsoph_posts_pictures_of_dr_who_themed_childs/)**  * snoo wants to come home with you for the holidays, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2ph8r8/snoo_wants_to_come_home_with_you_for_the_holidays/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pg9r6) /r/sportsarefun, /r/soylent, /r/futureanthropology, /r/madlibs, /r/live  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* secret map of britain (2002) [cc] - mark thomas visiting sites that purport to be secret, and are not included on maps, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2phhp9/secret_map_of_britain_2002_cc_mark_thomas/)**  * autmata (2014) [480p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pgd8c/autmata_2014_480p/)**  * watching a good movie, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2pj47m/watching_a_good_movie/)**  * tim burton confirms winona ryder will return for beetlejuice 2, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pgopb/tim_burton_confirms_winona_ryder_will_return_for/)**  * 2015 rock and roll hall of fame inductees: green day, lou reed, stevie ray vaughn, joan jett, bill withers, and paul butterfield, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pg801/2015_rock_and_roll_hall_of_fame_inductees_green/)**  * courtney barnett -- eraser history [indie rock] (2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2ph0z6/courtney_barnett_eraser_history_indie_rock_2012/)**  * you've a question about something you saw in google maps? this girl will go see for you what it is., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2phfrv/youve_a_question_about_something_you_saw_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my cat has a best friend. literally., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pha37/my_cat_has_a_best_friend_literally/)**  * october stream backbone state park, iowa, usa [5312x2988] [oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2phcug/october_stream_backbone_state_park_iowa_usa/)**  * when both sides of the channel tunnel first met 1990, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pfpn6/when_both_sides_of_the_channel_tunnel_first_met/)**  * the easily recognized boot of italy and the balkans at night photographed from iss [2464x1640], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pgtsz/the_easily_recognized_boot_of_italy_and_the/)**  * sunset in koh lanta, krabi province, thailand [oc] (1459x639), *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2phnrm/sunset_in_koh_lanta_krabi_province_thailand_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* while waiting in traffic for hours after skiing. thought a high speed rail line from denver to the ski resorts would be an awesome and money making idea for the government?, *from /r/colorado* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/colorado/comments/2pjg5n/while_waiting_in_traffic_for_hours_after_skiing/)**  * russia has just lost the economic war with the west, *from /r/ukrainianconflict* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/2pgny7/russia_has_just_lost_the_economic_war_with_the/)**  * [artisan] year end sale @ dapper dragon soap, *from /r/shave_bazaar* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shave_bazaar/comments/2pi1kz/artisan_year_end_sale_dapper_dragon_soap/)**  * expressions, *from /r/cutegirlgifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cutegirlgifs/comments/2ph7hl/expressions/)**  * i got myself an unusual gastby painted white. should i remove the paint or leave it as is?, *from /r/tf2fashionadvice* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tf2fashionadvice/comments/2phdzw/i_got_myself_an_unusual_gastby_painted_white/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pgr04/police_should_wear_red_and_blue_light_up_shoes/)**  * combine xbox and playstation online network for cross console gaming, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2phjpu/combine_xbox_and_playstation_online_network_for/)**  * people have a hard time letting go of their suffering. out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar.  thich nhat hanh, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pi4o4/people_have_a_hard_time_letting_go_of_their/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
is it worth it? my nexus is perfectly fine, pristine condition. i'd be trading for a brand new moto x. all unlocked++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on wednesday.  **report period:**   tuesday, december 09, 2014 through monday, december 15, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adviceanimals** [[full report](/2pk6lg)]   ---* [realized after watching a childhood classic.](/2otf61)  * [this is always weird.](/2ozb9f)  * [well, good for him i guess.](/2oyz5c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anger** [[full report](/2pjqkq)]   ---* [i get so mad that it literally hurts](/2p5vpe)  * [i hope this is okay to post here. this is a talk from mormon general conference about anger being a choice. although there are quite a few religious overtones here, there are some universally relevant things here that make this one of the best speeches on the subject i've ever heard.](/2p9z4c)  * [i have my rage on a tight leash but i so want that leash to snap and let it run wild.](/2ox1tm)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/aww** [[full report](/2pk2j6)]   ---* [here is your receipt](/2ot0kl)  * [our indoor cat moved from a gray apartment block view to this](/2p2r01)  * [willie just turned 10 a few months ago. on really cold days i'll tuck him in like this and he will sleep for hours..](/2p3b0p)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/china** [[full report](/2pjtu8)]   ---* [human bottle opener (x-post r/wtf)](/2p97mr)  * [meeting my chinese boyfriend's parents.](/2ozuij)  * [meet china's mr bai: professor xu a laid-off 58 year old plastics worker turned meth mastermind to provide for his family and his sidekick a 30 year old transgender from hunan called ma](/2owwjt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/damnthatsinteresting** [[full report](/2pjrjr)]   ---* [how to recognize the artist's of various types of paintings](/2p7xqa)  * ["this old pink house is situated at the old dunes, a few hundred meters from the west coast, a very windy place were there isnt much that can grow. so the tree can only grow where it has shelter. it has looked this way always."](/2p5l54)  * [interesting historical photos](/2ozndh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/darknetmarkets** [[full report](/2pjwvv)]   ---* [well guys, tonight it happened.](/2op9np)  * [i am humboldtfarms, i am here to address some rumors...](/2p4cnp)  * [my dnm addiction at the age of 16-18](/2pct49)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dogecoin** [[full report](/2pk18w)]   ---* [every morning](/2p2vgi)  * [obligatory halvening celebrational post!](/2p9iyf)  * [much unexpected...](/2oqs9d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entertainment** [[full report](/2pjsjc)]   ---* [hbo will reportedly launch its standalone service in april alongside game of thrones](/2os46e)  * [sony apologises to obama after hack reveals racially insensitive emails](/2p1t8i)  * [leaked sony emails show that joel mchale emailed sony co-chairman to get a discount on a tv after community was canceled.](/2oxosr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitnesscirclejerk** [[full report](/2pjtbl)]   ---* [screw your whey protein. i'm gonna get swole as fuck.](/2p6ojs)  * [damn wussy cardiofag. it's like he doesn't even care about his gains.](/2orj7u)  * [[tw: fcjss] cake day + majestic dog](/2p4dkz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/frugal** [[full report](/2pjuic)]   ---* [things are tight this year, so i scaled back on our christmas tree.](/2oqywy)  * [psa: you can get up to $30 off of your geico insurance bill by having a $12 national geographic magazine subscription](/2p8el7)  * [reminder: if the price drops on amazon they will refund you the difference - if you ask!](/2p2wii)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/glitch_in_the_matrix** [[full report](/2pjrsu)]   ---* [my mouse worked until i realized it was connected to the wrong computer.](/2oqjts)  * [i think i entered another dimension...](/2ozs6b)  * [the voice in my head saved my life.](/2p1m6e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/internetisbeautiful** [[full report](/2pjs7x)]   ---* [this site calculates the hex colour of the current time....](/2p94dk)  * [twitter clock](/2p6q72)  * [how long does it take warren buffett to earn your annual income?](/2ovocw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mechanicalkeyboards** [[full report](/2pk07p)]   ---* [i think you guys would understand](/2pbxhs)  * [had to pick an object to draw for my intro to drafting class, guess what i picked?! :d. once i showed her a green/clear/grey switch, she was fascinated, and enjoyed the clicking of the green.](/2owpzf)  * [all this subreddit has been lately](/2oqruq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minecraft** [[full report](/2pjz4o)]   ---* [keep your water i prefer snow.](/2ouzqc)  * [someone on my server had the idea of attacking the ender dragon with iron golems](/2os61a)  * [i recreated the useless lever from bite-sized minecraft.](/2p9o2e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/multihub** [[full report](/2pjqvb)]   ---* [nsfw (only have this sub-reddit at home!)](/2p3ujh)  * [all about startups](/2osjc2)  * [apple tree (everything about apple)](/2paqsx)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nfl** [[full report](/2pk9dm)]   ---* [the buffalo bills have clinched their first non-losing season in a decade.](/2palir)  * [cam newton injured in car wreck](/2orw3p)  * [the san francisco 49ers have officially been eliminated from playoff contention.](/2pb4v6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nosleep** [[full report](/2pjxxw)]   ---* [so i found something while erasing a hard drive...](/2oq2ao)  * [the first thing you should know about me is i'm not one of those kinds of cops.](/2ovtce)  * ["i can't let you search that."](/2p9kjv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nottheonion** [[full report](/2pjvoc)]   ---* [skinny puppy demands $666,000 in royalties from u.s. government for using their music in guantanamo torture](/2p8mvd)  * [sydney teen who yelled 'kill the jews' sentenced to shabbat dinner](/2pcuwd)  * [dick cheney on cia torture: "i'd do it again in a minute!"](/2pa2ad)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/philosophy** [[full report](/2pjrza)]   ---* [sometimes absence of evidence is evidence of absence](/2p053o)  * [descartes' cogito argument ("i think, therefore i am")](/2p44l8)  * [kierkegaard on the individual vs. the crowd, why we conform, and the power of the minority](/2p75kn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sexyness** [[full report](/2pjqqo)]   ---* [tiffany thompson (via /r/tiffanythompson)](/2owq9l)  * [federica gasparini](/2p8288)  * [nr: tahti [last name] ?](/2pb4i6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/supplements** [[full report](/2pjra6)]   ---* [how much fish oil/omega 3's do you guys take per day? does brand matter?](/2p33in)  * [designer anabolic steroid control act goes to president for approval (crosspost from /r/nootropics)](/2p6g3t)  * [nothing beats dmaa. where can i find it online ?](/2p14rw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/todayilearned** [[full report](/2pk4zl)]   ---* [til that in 2010 george lucas said i am dedicating the majority of my wealth to improving education. it is the key to the survival of the human race." two years later, lucas sold lucasfilm ltd. to disney for 4.05 billion dollars and donated the proceeds to a charity that focuses on education.](/2ox092)  * [til: mobile users in poor countries can access wikipedia articles without data charges thanks to 'wikipedia zero'. it's currently operating in 34 countries.](/2oxck4)  * [til law professor roger fisher suggested that nuclear launch codes be implanted in a volunteer's heart. the president would be required to personally take the life of an innocent person before taking the lives of hundreds of millions.](/2p6ibz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/torontoraptors** [[full report](/2pjsxe)]   ---* [t-ross just had his first child! congrats!](/2p02rs)  * [cleaning out my closet i found this vintage flag i got at a game as a kid](/2pa77h)  * [raptors win in ot upvote party](/2opu0m)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trollxchromosomes** [[full report](/2pk3hm)]   ---* [i didn't even know i had done this until he told me...](/2os2dx)  * [it's why i always carry spare.](/2p64hd)  * [this is how i feel as an adult woman new to makeup when shopping at sephora.](/2os29b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/underreportednews** [[full report](/2pjqnz)]   ---* [woman wins $100,000 lawsuit after cops arrested her for swearing](/2p4udz)  * [us stops paying northern syrian rebel salaries](/2oyag3)  * [at least two us soldiers among 21 killed in afghanistan](/2p7xex)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wowthissubexists** [[full report](/2pjr25)]   ---* [/r/redditintensifies - a shaking subreddit](/2p9sqp)  * [there is an /r/penectomy, for all of your genitalia removal needs. not safe for your peener.](/2ot8oz)  * [/r/colorspace - "colorspace is a small project with the goal to name every possible color that can be digitally represented."](/2p1d3m)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
it's my birthday, one of those milestone ones. my so invited my current group of friends as well as my old friends and work friends. we're all meeting at our place for food and drinks then were going out on the town. the three groups never merged like this before so i'm kind of concerned about balancing being a host and having a fun. any advice?++$++30
i've always washed my fruits and veggies but from what i read online (yes that's sometimes bad) that you have to be wary of the stuff that sometimes can be on them, i.e. pesticides, bacteria, etc. so my question is how intensely do i need to wash them? i ask this has i eat grapes that i simply rinsed and realized i didn't really "clean" them. disclaimer: ftm - there are bound to be lots of stupid questions over the next 9 months. i apologize in advance.++$++31
my son is about to be 17 weeks and i think he's going through the sleep regression. he went from sleeping from 10pm, waking at 6am for a bottle and then back to sleep until 10am. these past couple of nights, he's been waking up every 3-4 hours. and it's so hard to get him to go back to sleep. he starts kicking and moving his arms around. i give him his pacifier and his eyes start closing because he's sleepy but then he starts moving his arms and ends up hitting himself in the face and knocking his pacifier out. so last night i decided to swaddle him and it worked pretty good! but i'm just worried that i'm going to get him used to it. it works good, he sleeps a lot more with the swaddle but is it safe? what do you guys think? i'm just so sleepy!++$++20
i'm currently applying for positions and came across this one. i want to break into banking and analysis, eventually financial analyst. can anyone give any insight to this 18-24 month credit analyst program comerica has? i have no idea what a "relationship manager" is, but this is what follows the analyst program.http://www.aplitrak.com/?adid=ymjnzw5lcmljljq2mdi3lje3njbay29tzxjpy2euyxbsaxryywsuy29tanyone have any idea?++$++25
i wanted to train how to draw manga. yes, i am better than oda now.   first version: http://i.imgur.com/osjnfvx.png    second version: http://i.imgur.com/u5mo0y1.png   ps. tutorial.  http://www.wikihow.com/draw-yourself-as-a-manga-girl/boy++$++23
have posted a few times with no luck, let's see if i get luckywhats up reddit, i'm a straight acting and looking masculine guy looking to find a clean straight, preferably attached, guy that just wants some nsa head.i'm also very interested in finding a fun couple to play with as well.i'm 28 years old, married and white/latino. i'm in pretty good shape and i'm very very clean and ddf. 420 is ok. i can host or i'm mobile.you:clean and smelling goodnot hairyhung+white++blow n go, walk into my apartment, drop your pants, watch some porn, then blow your load. no words, just a hard cock and my warm, wet mouth.shoot me a pm with some pics for more info.++$++28
okay so for the past 3 weeks i've been stuck in the back of pretty much nowhere with only my phones tenuous signal to keep me connected to reddit. and i'm likely to stay here for another few months.anyway about me, 20yr old male from the u.s, virgin, and currently trying to fix my life up. i'm also a bit of an introvert.as for what i'm looking for, i'd like a bit of a long term chat partner who might help cheer me up. i'm on mobile yet i'll always try to reply to any message asap. we can chat about anything from why i'm a virgin to the filthy things in my head to how our days where.can't really think of much else to put. just say hi and tell me your name. mine is tim by the way.++$++20
i'm a straight, good looking and in good shape guy looking for fun in fresno. i'm very laid back and very down to earth, just looking to explore with a hot passable ts. i'm white/latino brown hair and brown eyes. very athletic and in great shape, i take great care of my body. i'm also very masculine and very straight acting and looking.let me know if your'e interested, we can exchange pics and email.can't wait to hear from you!++$++28
* what phone did you go to?* how much more was the "upgrade"?* was it worth it?++$++20
que-ce que tu viens de dire putain de moi, petite salope? je vais devoir vous le savez je suis diplm en haut de ma classe dans la navy seals, et je ai t impliqu dans de nombreux raids secrets sur al-qada, et je ai plus de 300 tus confirms. je suis form dans la guerre des gorilles et je suis le meilleur tireur d'lite dans les forces armes amricaines entires. tu ne es rien pour moi, mais juste une autre cible. je vais vous essuyez la baise avec prcision les gots de ce qui n'a jamais t vu avant sur cette terre, marquer mes mots putains. vous pensez que vous pouvez en tirer en disant que la merde pour moi sur l'internet? dtrompez-vous, baiseur. comme nous parlons je contacte mon rseau secret d'espions  travers les usa et votre ip est trace ds maintenant afin de mieux vous prparer  la tempte, mouche. la tempte qui efface la petite chose pathtique vous appelez votre vie. tu baises morts, gamin. je peux tre ne importe o, ne importe quand, et je peux vous tuer plus de sept cent faons, et ce est seulement avec mes mains nues. non seulement je suis beaucoup entran au combat sans armes, mais je avoir accs  tout l'arsenal de la united states marine corps et je vais l'utiliser  sa pleine mesure pour essuyer le cul misrable de la surface du continent, petite merde. si seulement vous pouviez avez connu ce chtiment impie votre petit commentaire "intelligent" tait sur le point de faire tomber sur vous, peut-tre vous auriez tenu ta putain de langue. mais vous ne pouviez pas, vous ne avez pas, et maintenant vous payez le prix, vous putain idiot. je vais chier fureur sur vous et vous noyer en elle. tu baises morts, gamin.++$++14
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* us officials: us to start talks with cuba to normalize full diplomatic relations, open embassy, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pkvp5/us_officials_us_to_start_talks_with_cuba_to/)**  * the united states will normalize diplomatic relations with cuba, open embassy in havana, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pkw0y/the_united_states_will_normalize_diplomatic/)**  * obamas : we have been treated like the help., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pkxii/obamas_we_have_been_treated_like_the_help/)**  * cafe in leeds (uk) feeds 10,000 people on 20 tonnes of unwanted food, which would otherwise have been wasted, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pkf7c/cafe_in_leeds_uk_feeds_10000_people_on_20_tonnes/)**  * netflix says offline playback is 'never going to happen', *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pkxlx/netflix_says_offline_playback_is_never_going_to/)**  * presenting the 2014 fallon d'floor, the award for the most theatrical soccer dive of the year. cast your vote now, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2plk8k/presenting_the_2014_fallon_dfloor_the_award_for/)**  * deceased will asks for still-living dog to be euthanized, buried with her, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pksvn/deceased_will_asks_for_stillliving_dog_to_be/)**  * attorney general downplays ties to mpaa... just as ny times reveals mpaa actually wrote the letter he sent google, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2plxj8/attorney_general_downplays_ties_to_mpaa_just_as/)**  * when and how did "sick" become a positive adjective for things? (i.e. "sick" moves, "sick" tattoos, etc.), *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pl3wx/when_and_how_did_sick_become_a_positive_adjective/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk to estimate yearly salary, simply double your per hour wage, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pmaa0/ysk_to_estimate_yearly_salary_simply_double_your/)**  * curiosity found methane and water on mars. how are we ensuring that curosity and similar projects are not introducing habitat destroying invasive species my accident?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pl25b/curiosity_found_methane_and_water_on_mars_how_are/)**  * eli5:how was "incest" or lets say dna from same family tree avoided in small clans/nomads where there are less than 10000 people?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pkbar/eli5how_was_incest_or_lets_say_dna_from_same/)**  * til that benjamin franklin designed one of the first american coins, and instead of saying "in god we trust," it said "mind your business.", *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ply72/til_that_benjamin_franklin_designed_one_of_the/)**  * obesity by occupation: in the us police, firefighters, and security guards lead the pack., *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pkuio/obesity_by_occupation_in_the_us_police/)**  * [request] does anyone know how to turn this coffee machine on?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pkzkj/request_does_anyone_know_how_to_turn_this_coffee/)**  * why is anyone taking north korea seriously in regards to this the interview movie?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pl9o3/why_is_anyone_taking_north_korea_seriously_in/)**  * non-stick ketchup bottle, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pm33a/nonstick_ketchup_bottle/)**  * goat kids begin taking their first steps within minutes of being born., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pkweu/goat_kids_begin_taking_their_first_steps_within/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if you are leaving your house unattended for a couple days, shut off water main., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pjrl4/lpt_if_you_are_leaving_your_house_unattended_for/)**  * brosciencelife: how to be alpha all the time, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pm3i2/brosciencelife_how_to_be_alpha_all_the_time/)**  * [image]the realist adjusts his sail., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pjmwu/imagethe_realist_adjusts_his_sail/)**  * [request] how do i straighten this old photo?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pm57b/request_how_do_i_straighten_this_old_photo/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* curiosity rover drills into mars rock, finds water...and, in that same sample, the first discovery of organic compounds., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2placa/curiosity_rover_drills_into_mars_rock_finds/)**  * oil from a wrecked tanker is creating a disaster in the waters of bangladesh's sundarbans, the largest contiguous tidal mangrove forest in the world and a haven for a spectacular array of species, including the rare irrawaddy and gangetic dolphins and the highly endangered bengal tiger., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pl9bs/oil_from_a_wrecked_tanker_is_creating_a_disaster/)**  * india's lvm3 x / care mission update, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pktme/indias_lvm3_x_care_mission_update/)**  * scientists discover how to turn light into matter after 80-year quest, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pk5vf/scientists_discover_how_to_turn_light_into_matter/)**  * i've been decorating my colleges' planetarium with chalk, check em out and gimme some more ideas!! [x-post], *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2plz6y/ive_been_decorating_my_colleges_planetarium_with/)**  * humans may be causing the sixth great extinction in half a billion years, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pkaw6/humans_may_be_causing_the_sixth_great_extinction/)**  * allies occupation zones of germany in 1945 [os] [1206x1024], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pl07l/allies_occupation_zones_of_germany_in_1945_os/)**  * microsoft open sources cloud framework that powers halo, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pkhvl/microsoft_open_sources_cloud_framework_that/)**  * linus torvalds on semaphores, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pkcl5/linus_torvalds_on_semaphores/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* garbage men of reddit, what's the most illegal, strange or valuable thing you have seen while gathering people's trash?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pjsf9/garbage_men_of_reddit_whats_the_most_illegal/)**  * [ama request] seth rogen and james franco, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pmvw3/ama_request_seth_rogen_and_james_franco/)**  * i am an australian on the east coast. my internet should be fast enough to answer 3 questions an hour. ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pk4gp/i_am_an_australian_on_the_east_coast_my_internet/)**  * "you seem like a nasty little person, the kind that people meet and then feel unclean for the rest of the day as they try to forget their interaction with you": two londoners have a frank exchange of views., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pktif/you_seem_like_a_nasty_little_person_the_kind_that/)**  * the people of /r/wallpapers vs. /u/koolizz for grandtheft.jpg, 1st degree liarliarpantsonfire.js, karmawhoring.sh, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2pmvdm/the_people_of_rwallpapers_vs_ukoolizz_for/)**  * redditor makes a voting website called fallon d'floor (mocking fifa ballon d'or) featuring the most shameful dives of the year, website is already being featured on fox sports and other sport chains., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pliu6/redditor_makes_a_voting_website_called_fallon/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pk6fm) /r/suddenlygay, /r/artisanvideos, /r/lolfanart, /r/dogshowerthoughts, /r/snoospotting  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* "blackfish" - killer whales, an animals of great intelligence, yet some do not realize what goes on backstage in seaworld. warning to those haven't seen this- it can be disturbing. (2013) - [83:06], *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2pjzty/blackfish_killer_whales_an_animals_of_great/)**  * monty python live (mostly) (2014) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pk7ci/monty_python_live_mostly_2014_1080p/)**  * its official: sony scraps the interview, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pmasy/its_official_sony_scraps_the_interview/)**  * wolfmother -- joker and the thief [hard rock/heavy metal], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pl8cx/wolfmother_joker_and_the_thief_hard_rockheavy/)**  * dr. octagon -- blue flowers revisited [hip-hop] (1996), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pm7di/dr_octagon_blue_flowers_revisited_hiphop_1996/)**  * a collection of beautifully written stories and thoughts written by anyone and everyone., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pkz15/a_collection_of_beautifully_written_stories_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* happiest puppy in the world., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pkxud/happiest_puppy_in_the_world/)**  * the bend in oregon [1998x1331] oc, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pjumu/the_bend_in_oregon_1998x1331_oc/)**  * what a view to wake up to..., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pk3nn/what_a_view_to_wake_up_to/)**  * curiosity's view on earth, so to say mars' evening star. it's the brightest spot in the night sky, you can even see our moon! [2000 x 3200], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pkoko/curiositys_view_on_earth_so_to_say_mars_evening/)**  * red morning (ystad, sweden) [1024x683][oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pkyu2/red_morning_ystad_sweden_1024x683oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* my v70xc for wagon wednesday, *from /r/volvo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/volvo/comments/2pkjl2/my_v70xc_for_wagon_wednesday/)**  * heavenly beauty, *from /r/diannaagron* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/diannaagron/comments/2pju8t/heavenly_beauty/)**  * her specialty is bone-dry cappuccinos., *from /r/starbucks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/starbucks/comments/2pmihi/her_specialty_is_bonedry_cappuccinos/)**  * smile, *from /r/ninadobrev* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ninadobrev/comments/2pn2dj/smile/)**  * dear producers, i don't value your time and work and i'd really like some free beats to completely ruin., *from /r/makinghiphop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/makinghiphop/comments/2pmg7l/dear_producers_i_dont_value_your_time_and_work/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* they should have a countdown on the screen in movie theaters so you know if you have time to go to the bathroom before the movie starts, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pl3he/they_should_have_a_countdown_on_the_screen_in/)**  * tailor a helium balloon to negate your weight to within 1 lb., jump around buildings and rooftops with superjump., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pjr4r/tailor_a_helium_balloon_to_negate_your_weight_to/)**  * "humanity is good. some people are terrible and broken, but humanity is good. i believe that." - hank green, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ple9w/humanity_is_good_some_people_are_terrible_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* us officials: us to start talks with cuba to normalize full diplomatic relations, open embassy, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pkvp5/us_officials_us_to_start_talks_with_cuba_to/)**  * the united states will normalize diplomatic relations with cuba, open embassy in havana, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pkw0y/the_united_states_will_normalize_diplomatic/)**  * obamas : we have been treated like the help., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pkxii/obamas_we_have_been_treated_like_the_help/)**  * cafe in leeds (uk) feeds 10,000 people on 20 tonnes of unwanted food, which would otherwise have been wasted, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pkf7c/cafe_in_leeds_uk_feeds_10000_people_on_20_tonnes/)**  * netflix says offline playback is 'never going to happen', *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pkxlx/netflix_says_offline_playback_is_never_going_to/)**  * presenting the 2014 fallon d'floor, the award for the most theatrical soccer dive of the year. cast your vote now, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2plk8k/presenting_the_2014_fallon_dfloor_the_award_for/)**  * deceased will asks for still-living dog to be euthanized, buried with her, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pksvn/deceased_will_asks_for_stillliving_dog_to_be/)**  * attorney general downplays ties to mpaa... just as ny times reveals mpaa actually wrote the letter he sent google, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2plxj8/attorney_general_downplays_ties_to_mpaa_just_as/)**  * when and how did "sick" become a positive adjective for things? (i.e. "sick" moves, "sick" tattoos, etc.), *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pl3wx/when_and_how_did_sick_become_a_positive_adjective/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk to estimate yearly salary, simply double your per hour wage, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pmaa0/ysk_to_estimate_yearly_salary_simply_double_your/)**  * curiosity found methane and water on mars. how are we ensuring that curosity and similar projects are not introducing habitat destroying invasive species my accident?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pl25b/curiosity_found_methane_and_water_on_mars_how_are/)**  * eli5:how was "incest" or lets say dna from same family tree avoided in small clans/nomads where there are less than 10000 people?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pkbar/eli5how_was_incest_or_lets_say_dna_from_same/)**  * til that benjamin franklin designed one of the first american coins, and instead of saying "in god we trust," it said "mind your business.", *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ply72/til_that_benjamin_franklin_designed_one_of_the/)**  * obesity by occupation: in the us police, firefighters, and security guards lead the pack., *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pkuio/obesity_by_occupation_in_the_us_police/)**  * [request] does anyone know how to turn this coffee machine on?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pkzkj/request_does_anyone_know_how_to_turn_this_coffee/)**  * why is anyone taking north korea seriously in regards to this the interview movie?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pl9o3/why_is_anyone_taking_north_korea_seriously_in/)**  * non-stick ketchup bottle, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pm33a/nonstick_ketchup_bottle/)**  * goat kids begin taking their first steps within minutes of being born., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pkweu/goat_kids_begin_taking_their_first_steps_within/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if you are leaving your house unattended for a couple days, shut off water main., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pjrl4/lpt_if_you_are_leaving_your_house_unattended_for/)**  * brosciencelife: how to be alpha all the time, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pm3i2/brosciencelife_how_to_be_alpha_all_the_time/)**  * [image]the realist adjusts his sail., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pjmwu/imagethe_realist_adjusts_his_sail/)**  * [request] how do i straighten this old photo?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pm57b/request_how_do_i_straighten_this_old_photo/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* curiosity rover drills into mars rock, finds water...and, in that same sample, the first discovery of organic compounds., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2placa/curiosity_rover_drills_into_mars_rock_finds/)**  * oil from a wrecked tanker is creating a disaster in the waters of bangladesh's sundarbans, the largest contiguous tidal mangrove forest in the world and a haven for a spectacular array of species, including the rare irrawaddy and gangetic dolphins and the highly endangered bengal tiger., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pl9bs/oil_from_a_wrecked_tanker_is_creating_a_disaster/)**  * india's lvm3 x / care mission update, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pktme/indias_lvm3_x_care_mission_update/)**  * scientists discover how to turn light into matter after 80-year quest, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pk5vf/scientists_discover_how_to_turn_light_into_matter/)**  * i've been decorating my colleges' planetarium with chalk, check em out and gimme some more ideas!! [x-post], *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2plz6y/ive_been_decorating_my_colleges_planetarium_with/)**  * humans may be causing the sixth great extinction in half a billion years, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pkaw6/humans_may_be_causing_the_sixth_great_extinction/)**  * allies occupation zones of germany in 1945 [os] [1206x1024], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pl07l/allies_occupation_zones_of_germany_in_1945_os/)**  * microsoft open sources cloud framework that powers halo, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pkhvl/microsoft_open_sources_cloud_framework_that/)**  * linus torvalds on semaphores, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pkcl5/linus_torvalds_on_semaphores/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* garbage men of reddit, what's the most illegal, strange or valuable thing you have seen while gathering people's trash?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pjsf9/garbage_men_of_reddit_whats_the_most_illegal/)**  * [ama request] seth rogen and james franco, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pmvw3/ama_request_seth_rogen_and_james_franco/)**  * i am an australian on the east coast. my internet should be fast enough to answer 3 questions an hour. ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pk4gp/i_am_an_australian_on_the_east_coast_my_internet/)**  * "you seem like a nasty little person, the kind that people meet and then feel unclean for the rest of the day as they try to forget their interaction with you": two londoners have a frank exchange of views., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pktif/you_seem_like_a_nasty_little_person_the_kind_that/)**  * the people of /r/wallpapers vs. /u/koolizz for grandtheft.jpg, 1st degree liarliarpantsonfire.js, karmawhoring.sh, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2pmvdm/the_people_of_rwallpapers_vs_ukoolizz_for/)**  * redditor makes a voting website called fallon d'floor (mocking fifa ballon d'or) featuring the most shameful dives of the year, website is already being featured on fox sports and other sport chains., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pliu6/redditor_makes_a_voting_website_called_fallon/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pk6fm) /r/suddenlygay, /r/artisanvideos, /r/lolfanart, /r/dogshowerthoughts, /r/snoospotting  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* "blackfish" - killer whales, an animals of great intelligence, yet some do not realize what goes on backstage in seaworld. warning to those haven't seen this- it can be disturbing. (2013) - [83:06], *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2pjzty/blackfish_killer_whales_an_animals_of_great/)**  * monty python live (mostly) (2014) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pk7ci/monty_python_live_mostly_2014_1080p/)**  * its official: sony scraps the interview, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pmasy/its_official_sony_scraps_the_interview/)**  * wolfmother -- joker and the thief [hard rock/heavy metal], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pl8cx/wolfmother_joker_and_the_thief_hard_rockheavy/)**  * dr. octagon -- blue flowers revisited [hip-hop] (1996), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pm7di/dr_octagon_blue_flowers_revisited_hiphop_1996/)**  * a collection of beautifully written stories and thoughts written by anyone and everyone., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pkz15/a_collection_of_beautifully_written_stories_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* happiest puppy in the world., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pkxud/happiest_puppy_in_the_world/)**  * the bend in oregon [1998x1331] oc, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pjumu/the_bend_in_oregon_1998x1331_oc/)**  * what a view to wake up to..., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pk3nn/what_a_view_to_wake_up_to/)**  * curiosity's view on earth, so to say mars' evening star. it's the brightest spot in the night sky, you can even see our moon! [2000 x 3200], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pkoko/curiositys_view_on_earth_so_to_say_mars_evening/)**  * red morning (ystad, sweden) [1024x683][oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pkyu2/red_morning_ystad_sweden_1024x683oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* my v70xc for wagon wednesday, *from /r/volvo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/volvo/comments/2pkjl2/my_v70xc_for_wagon_wednesday/)**  * heavenly beauty, *from /r/diannaagron* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/diannaagron/comments/2pju8t/heavenly_beauty/)**  * her specialty is bone-dry cappuccinos., *from /r/starbucks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/starbucks/comments/2pmihi/her_specialty_is_bonedry_cappuccinos/)**  * smile, *from /r/ninadobrev* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ninadobrev/comments/2pn2dj/smile/)**  * dear producers, i don't value your time and work and i'd really like some free beats to completely ruin., *from /r/makinghiphop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/makinghiphop/comments/2pmg7l/dear_producers_i_dont_value_your_time_and_work/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* they should have a countdown on the screen in movie theaters so you know if you have time to go to the bathroom before the movie starts, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pl3he/they_should_have_a_countdown_on_the_screen_in/)**  * tailor a helium balloon to negate your weight to within 1 lb., jump around buildings and rooftops with superjump., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pjr4r/tailor_a_helium_balloon_to_negate_your_weight_to/)**  * "humanity is good. some people are terrible and broken, but humanity is good. i believe that." - hank green, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2ple9w/humanity_is_good_some_people_are_terrible_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i woke up yesterday at 8 am. it's 10 am of the next day now. i haven't slept all night and i was drinking. i am now hungover. right now i'm heading downtown shopping christmas presents with my friend. at 1 pm, i am getting on a bus and than a train, travelling to zagreb. i have my suitcase with me now, so i'll be shopping with all my stuff. should i wait and get some rest on the train (8 hours or more) or should i hang out in a cafe for a few hours and do nothing, and than rest on the train as well?++$++18
if i would like to purchase champions league ticket for dortmund (next game is in march against juventus), how much would it cost and from where can i buy it?++$++22
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on thursday.  **report period:**   wednesday, december 10, 2014 through tuesday, december 16, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anime** [[full report](/2pnwdc)]   ---* [digimon adventure tri first key visual](/2p654t)  * [a snack bar menu in brazil](/2osr8p)  * [ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!](/2ovrkh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askreddit** [[full report](/2po9fv)]   ---* [what quote always gives you chills?](/2ouhbb)  * [reddit, what rule do you live by?](/2ozsm8)  * [what 'based on a true story' movie has the most bullshit?](/2p7dci)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/buddhism** [[full report](/2pnnjb)]   ---* [buddha statue at haeinsa temple, korea](/2p6f2l)  * [buddhist monk matthieu ricard happiest man known to science](/2ouqgb)  * [historic kyoto temple first in japan to offer gay weddings](/2oygql)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlebroke** [[full report](/2pnkun)]   ---* [and now we jerk about a jerk that was never there](/2phere)  * [2014 in review: reddit, circlejerks, and circlebroke](/2pa1kz)  * [the pirate bay is down.. thanks sweden (aka amerikkka's new puppet)](/2otin7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/coolgithubprojects** [[full report](/2pnkl4)]   ---* [firefox.html is an experiment: trying to re-implement the firefox ui in html - paulrouget/firefox.html](/2ow38t)  * [air traffic control simulator - zlsa/atc](/2p89t0)  * [ssh server that gives your an irc style chat room instead of a shell](/2p55ep)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/foodforthought** [[full report](/2pnmmc)]   ---* ["an open letter to oprah, whose 'the life you want' tour asked me to work for free."](/2pcz36)  * [after torture report, our moral authority as a nation is gone: the torture report is nauseating, and the initial response almost equally so. we are in an existential leadership crisis with no way out](/2ozh6x)  * [highly educated countries have better governments: why? citizens complain more, forcing officials to be more accountable.](/2ot5tp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/games** [[full report](/2pnt4t)]   ---* [new dark souls update removes games for windows live integration, switches to steamworks for multiplayer, achievements, etc. players have until feb 16 to transfer save data and achievements.](/2pdb56)  * [father makes his son play through the history of video games, chronologically.](/2oyw7f)  * [lucas pope, developer of papers please: "just talked to apple. the initial rejection for porn was a misunderstanding on their part."](/2p3tcv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewildaudio** [[full report](/2pnora)]   ---* [[f4m] please come for me, baby? [countdown joi] [secret santa] [for /u/horrorfan77] [scottish accent] [begging] [encouraging]](/2pa7ha)  * [[f4m] longing and belonging [script by /u/cuddle_with_me][needing this forever] [finally, finally, finally!][cock worship][slightly supernatural][cock growth][tit-fucking][connection]](/2oxa00)  * [[f4f] hey roomie, i got you a special toy for x-mas [secret santa] [glass toy][oral][se][good girl] [ass play] [cock envy] for -pixel &amp;lt;3](/2pes65)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/imaginarycityscapes** [[full report](/2pnkpe)]   ---* [the legend of tibet by j.c. parks.](/2oz2tf)  * [paliano, the high city by adam paquette](/2p9w08)  * [city of embers by brennan massicotte](/2p14b2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/jokes** [[full report](/2pnucy)]   ---* [i was in a job interview today when the manager handed me his laptop and said, "i want you to try and sell this to me."](/2p689y)  * [blonde joke](/2phow9)  * [how do you get a sweet little old lady to say f***?](/2pctwz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mapporn** [[full report](/2pnnx1)]   ---* [boobs vs butt searches on pornhub [os][1000x800]](/2p69ig)  * [countries that made the cia torture program possible [929 x 1025]](/2p9lyx)  * [us population density map [1982 x 1423]](/2oynck)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mensrights** [[full report](/2pnqvq)]   ---* [this is what happens when the public sees a woman abusing a man.](/2p59sw)  * [harvard professor criticized for suggesting men more likely to be elite mathematicians, using the same exact argument behind the "men more likely to be idiots" article.](/2p9lw4)  * [126 killed mostly "children" in fact all boys. once again, mainstream media fails to mention that all the children killed were boys...why am i not surprised?](/2ph0kg)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/newreddits** [[full report](/2pnn1o)]   ---* [/r/igotboredand -- a place to showcase the product of your boredom](/2ozgil)  * [/r/extrawoods - a place for movie extras doing weird, obscene things in the background of movie sets. like "hollywood", but "extrawood".. get it?](/2p49x2)  * [/r/iwilllearnthis/ - wanna get off the couch and actually learn a skill? get some encouragement here!](/2p8el6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nhl** [[full report](/2pnlju)]   ---* [i think we all know who the oilers need.](/2pdylr)  * [so thats how he got it......](/2pbpfk)  * [nelson mandela - maple leafs legend](/2p0z9w)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sex** [[full report](/2pnvfm)]   ---* [i just found a cock ring in my vagina. it was there since halloween!!](/2owqg7)  * [my boyfriend likes to slap me in the face with his cock. anyone know what that's about?](/2p61cp)  * [would you like waking up to a blowjob?](/2ougqt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitredditsays** [[full report](/2pnlv5)]   ---* [in ama by 3 female computer scientists at mit: 'why did you feel the need to list your gender in the title?' [+645]](/2p4lco)  * ["i feel like women drive so shittily on purpose so that men will just drive them everywhere and they can either a. be drunk constantly or b. constantly fuck with their makeup." [+24]](/2p73y9)  * [on a til thread about obesity prevalence among black women: "if it is poverty, why aren't the men as fat?" [+65]. "they are the hunters of the tribe and have fine tuned athleticism to escape their predators, the police." [+205].](/2pejqq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/standupcomedy** [[full report](/2pnl43)]   ---* [a young louis ck and marc maron (maybe 20 years ago) posted on marons facebook](/2pfnix)  * [bill burr vs. mike birbiglia](/2pcjpu)  * [patrice o'neal - tolu](/2p7n7c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/subredditdrama** [[full report](/2pnpjf)]   ---* [butter overload: til about obese black women is only eight hours old, but is already the most-commented til post in the history of the subreddit.](/2pffgj)  * [op apparently shoved cotton up his dog's ass for karma. "i saw the dog with the condom in its butt and thought it would be funny to piggy back off of that with my own similar photo." users at /r/wtf are not pleased.](/2p4rj9)  * [redditor philanthropist claims reddit admin promised him a $50,000 donation, admin shows up](/2p953i)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ufos** [[full report](/2pnm3e)]   ---* [the 1949 fbi memo "protection of vital installations" in the fbi vault. "flying saucers" "considered top secret by intelligence officers of the army and the air forces"](/2p7hm4)  * [i have seen a low flying black cube ufo.](/2pgjxw)  * [iss cam: ufo making 90 degrees turn and shoots back up in space](/2oyibb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldnews** [[full report](/2pnz8e)]   ---* [canada just made it legal for police to search your cellphone without a warrant upon arrest.](/2ozh22)  * [visa, mastercard sued for blocking donations to wikileaks](/2p4133)  * [pakistani army school under siege by terrorists. over 35 injured and many dead. over 500 students held hostages](/2pg5ju)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldpowers** [[full report](/2pns0b)]   ---* [[news] pennsylvania awarded "propagandist of the year" by tuvan ministry of information and truth](/2pa3cj)  * [[event] jamaica leaves caliexico](/2p4iaw)  * [[meta]stop the meta hate](/2paxr2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
sanji this is how you do it.++$++23
we're gonna play a bit of fucked up jeapordy.  y'all bitches give me answers and i'll ask a question.  maybe it'll be related, maybe it won't.  i don't give a fuck.++$++21
i am pretty mad right now. its all these little things that bottle up,and other people poke the bottle. i cant control it,i just have to punch something,or yell something out loud. i started swearing really bad and it got me a little bit better.++$++16
his cage is [this](http://www.petsupermarket.com/products/petsupermarket/pid-806061857.aspx?pn=living%20world%20deluxe%20habitat) but we already spent a lot of money on this and we don't have enough room for an xpen. we aren't allowed to let him out when we're sleepng but he's only in there when we're sleeping. i let him out at least 5 hours a day. he is literally outside all the time but it isn't enough. how can i stop him from biting and waking me up. we have tried to cover his cage and put cardboard on the edges and stuff but he then starts to scratch and make even louder noise. he has plenty of toys too.  please help ): he even recently started to bite on the cage bars even when the cage doors are open and he's outside of the cage. he never used to do this. ): sprays don't work either.++$++20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiklkdfmhd8hello! i am ordinarium aka creep collector aka ojoyy.this is my first montage with sony vegas pro and i'd like to get your honest opinion so i can improve :)with love, ordinarium++$++15
personally, i'm fine with the some of the changes that have occurred as a result of millennials gaining more power. i like that the country has become more concerned with the problems of the growing minority populations.in 1995, half the country was opposed to interracial marriage, now it's only a small fraction. also, lgbt groups are a lot more accepted. rehab for drug addiction is becoming more popular instead of prison time. overall, i see a positive trend.i don't really like the general acceptance that if you fuck up, everyone should know and it will stain your record forever. it concerns me that people are ok with giving away their private b information to the government and large corporations, too.despite what older folks say, i don't think society will collapse as a result of or changing values.++$++17
went to mathers clinic forever ago and wasnt a fan. i want to get evaluated so i was wondering if there are better places to go to. anyone have a place where the staff is nice and the psychiatrist themselves will actually challenge you? im not a fan of "i feel sad today" "well,  lets up your meds!" people have sad days and i dont want a place that gives meds willy nilly just because i say so.++$++28
i need to stop eating so much or it will kill me. i'm pre-diabetic and need to lose weight so i exercise every day but i feel that unless i can change my eating habits, i'm just wasting my time. i shouldn't be gaining weight even though i'm working hard.i'm addicted to food. it feel hungry every 2-3 hours and when i eat, it gives me a warm sensation. i'm turning into a sickening ham planet. it just leaves me feeling depressed all the time that my youth will be wasted if i don't turn my life around.my sister lost 30 lbs because she gave up eating. she only eats a piece of bread and a bag of saltine crackers each day. i wish i had the same discipline that she does.++$++17
i think its from loss of blood,but i dont get the "healing" status anyone,any help?++$++16
every week, usually on a thursday (but maybe i should switch it up now), i go visit my grandma to watch price is right. ever since i moved out it's just been a thing we do. in the summer we take walks around the neighbourhood and in the winter we scratch some scratch cards after. unfortunately my grandma lives with my nparents.today **both** of them were home. ugh! my mom has been sick for the past two weeks i guess because she was there last week as well. she said hi to me and i said hi back, very short and curt. i'm not there for her. as usual my dad ignored me. when my dad went out for a smoke, my mom went in to her room and bought out a card addressed to my husband and i. she gave it to me and i said no thanks. and then she say "**it's okay, it's just from me.**" i was so dumbfounded when i realised they both think that i'm only upset with my dad...not with a crazy bitch of a mom i have. nope i can't possibly be mad at her, the saint she is, that told me as a child that she would leave my physically abusive dad and leave us kids with him. or the saint that constantly told me i was fat and ugly and no one could possible be sexually interested in me. or the blessed goddess that told me i was garbage and a bitch.my grandma was getting upset so i took the card, put it beside me and said thank you. when she wasn't looking i hid it under a magazine. before i left i could see from the corner of my eye she found it but quietly took it back into her room. she also tried to give me a chocolate santa and a dessert...yes call me fat and then hand me chocolate and fatty foods at like 11 am...okay dumb ass.i left as soon as i could, thankfully i had already told my grandma i had some shopping to do so she didn't feel hurt i left quickly.i never thought of my mom as delusional, but there you have it. she's made my dad the villain all our lives that she thinks i still see it that way.++$++20
http://i.puthtml.com/content_forever/phpva8gpops. i used this site to solve get answers for all problems..   http://tinysubversions.com/contentforever/#share++$++23
hey everyone! my son is almost 4 months old and sometimes it seems like his eyes are crossed. i have strabismus, which is pretty much a lazy eye and had surgery to correct it at 9 months. my mom has it and so does my grandma. i'm worried that my son might have it too but it's hard to tell. i've heard that babies this young are still trying to focus their eyes on things so they might look crossed. but seeing that strabismus runs in the family, i'm worried. just wondering, did anyone else's lo's eyes looked crossed at that age? also, i know it's not baby related but this whole price of oil thing is freaking me out! my husband works in the oilfield and makes pretty good money and i'm afraid they're going to lay him off or cut his hours since things are getting slow. both my parents are in the oil field and lost their jobs in 2009 when the oil prices dropped so i'm like terrified that that's gonna happen again. especially since we got a few people pretty expensive christmas gifts this year! i'm sorry for ranting, i'm just worried :(++$++20
i work in fast food in the drive thru and saw today that one of my customers had one, we had a very brief exchange about the pebble and parted ways. just thought i i'd share this. he was rocking a jet black (if i remember correctly) pebble, and a green watch strap. meanwhile i've got the jet black pebble with a gadgetwraps digital desert camo wrap, and a desert digital camo nato strap.++$++18
the asp to me is like the millenium falcon, and i really want one bad!  seems to be the do it all ship and is pretty beast when fully upgraded.  it would also align with my goals in the game which is exploring.  so my question to you guys is what would be the best route to progress to the asp?  right now i am a still in the default sw doing missions off the board with $60k in the bank and also have the freegle which i have yet to touch.++$++26
i need earbuds due to mine constantly slipping out of my ears while running. i need good ones that stay in preferable on amazon. thanks!++$++16
hey guys! my library is very limited in their murakami section so i decided to turn to here. i would gladly pay for the book and shipping, but i've got a pretty good list of books myself. if you want anything from it, just tell me what you like and i'll see if i have anything that will suit your interests.++$++20
i have been thinking for while. please understand that i am not complain or anything. it just happened to hit me in my head. why is there no level on these gears? just an item level. even level 1 can be completely op with op items. it actually make matches way too easy. i wonder why they didn't put level on gears so new character can't get op instant at level 1 that easy. i am level one raver with fire rune equipped honor guard sword which deals 192 aoe damage. sounds too much power for level one character, right? now lets talk about pay. i noticed you can choose to pay for chests at store with real money. is not that consider as pay to win pve since you actually get gears from chests? more gears you break down, more crafts you get.++$++21
if this is not allowed please remove. i just know during the holidays it can be a hard time for anyone but especially for anyone that suffers from depression or anxiety. just please know [you're not alone. click here if you need to talk](http://m.imgur.com/ctj1lob)if hotlines are not your thing please take a moment and message me. i'm here. if not me..then anyone in this sub i'm sure would be willing to listen. love you all. happy holidays!++$++25
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* rob lowe compares sony pulling 'the interview' to wwii appeasement of hitler: hollywood personalities slam sony for pulling the seth rogen-james franco comedy after receiving anonymous threats from hackers., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2po8kf/rob_lowe_compares_sony_pulling_the_interview_to/)**  * kurds recapture large area from isis, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ppe8x/kurds_recapture_large_area_from_isis/)**  * goddamned nazi stormtrooper: texas cop tasers 76-year-old man with expired inspection, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2podty/goddamned_nazi_stormtrooper_texas_cop_tasers/)**  * double amputee gets two badass robot arms, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pp52g/double_amputee_gets_two_badass_robot_arms/)**  * wife: cops shot my husband in head during illegal raid, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2po92h/wife_cops_shot_my_husband_in_head_during_illegal/)**  * researchers make bittorrent anonymous and impossible to shut down, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2poo8p/researchers_make_bittorrent_anonymous_and/)**  * nhl player james neal gets fined $2,000 for 'diving'. he is the first player named and shamed under the nhls anti-diving push, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2poplt/nhl_player_james_neal_gets_fined_2000_for_diving/)**  * the five stages of a criminal case, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pp65l/the_five_stages_of_a_criminal_case/)**  * the latest twist in the bizarre prosecution of barrett brown | at a sentencing hearing in dallas, federal prosecutors revived old claims against barrett brown that attorneys say should chill the bones of every journalist, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2po9jy/the_latest_twist_in_the_bizarre_prosecution_of/)**  * what does "f" mean (in the context of a redditor who has died)., *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pp5mz/what_does_f_mean_in_the_context_of_a_redditor_who/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk if your sink's flow rate is getting worse over time, you need to clean the faucet strainer, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ppc2o/ysk_if_your_sinks_flow_rate_is_getting_worse_over/)**  * can a binary star system have a planet or a body orbiting in a shape of 8 around both the stars?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2poej9/can_a_binary_star_system_have_a_planet_or_a_body/)**  * eli5: what causes us to have a random "awkward" flashback, even though that flashback had nothing to do with what you were doing?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pni1b/eli5_what_causes_us_to_have_a_random_awkward/)**  * til in 2004 north korea demanded that the czech republic ban "team america: world police" from theaters. the czech foreign minister relied "obviously, it's absurd to demand that in a democratic country.'', *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ppqgr/til_in_2004_north_korea_demanded_that_the_czech/)**  * relationship between life expectancy and fertility for some countries over time, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2poq5s/relationship_between_life_expectancy_and/)**  * you're drinking coffee wrong: here's how to really maximize your daily caffeine boosts, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pprm6/youre_drinking_coffee_wrong_heres_how_to_really/)**  * why is youtube so bad at recommending videos while google finds what i want instantly?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pofoz/why_is_youtube_so_bad_at_recommending_videos/)**  * hand art., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ppkpq/hand_art/)**  * many poison dart frogs in the oophaga and ranitomeya genera carry their newly hatched tadpoles into the canopy. once in the upper reaches of the rainforest trees, the parents deposit their young in the pools of water that accumulate in epiphytic plants, such as bromeliads., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pop1k/many_poison_dart_frogs_in_the_oophaga_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if a family experiences a miscarriage, pretend they have just lost a 6-month old baby so you don't say anything unintentionally hurtful., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2popm1/lpt_if_a_family_experiences_a_miscarriage_pretend/)**  * new year's resolution time - here comes the flood of new gym goers!, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pp6ci/new_years_resolution_time_here_comes_the_flood_of/)**  * mozart had it right [image], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pnl10/mozart_had_it_right_image/)**  * small dogs get cold, and dog jumpers aren't cheap. use bargain store leg warmers/socks., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pogh5/small_dogs_get_cold_and_dog_jumpers_arent_cheap/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: im jeff bazarian, a professor of emergency medicine and concussion researcher at the university of rochester in rochester, new york. ama!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pohi8/science_ama_series_im_jeff_bazarian_a_professor/)**  * "smog caused by coal consumption killed an estimated 670,000 people in china in 2012, according to a study by researchers that tries to put a price tag on the environmental and social costs of the heavy reliance on the fuel.", *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pnxic/smog_caused_by_coal_consumption_killed_an/)**  * when armstrong first stepped onto the moon, he carried with him a piece of the original 1903 wright brother flyer's wooden propeller and fabric air frame., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2porru/when_armstrong_first_stepped_onto_the_moon_he/)**  * fun with vortex rings in the pool, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pnhb6/fun_with_vortex_rings_in_the_pool/)**  * a hint of m42 with an iphone5, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pov93/a_hint_of_m42_with_an_iphone5/)**  * researchers make bittorrent anonymous and impossible to shut down, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pol3j/researchers_make_bittorrent_anonymous_and/)**  * digital elevation model of the contiguous united states [3375x2118], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pp3i5/digital_elevation_model_of_the_contiguous_united/)**  * postgresql 9.4 released, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pov6d/postgresql_94_released/)**  * first ubuntu phone will launch in europe this february, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pq0o5/first_ubuntu_phone_will_launch_in_europe_this/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what are health myths most people believe in?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2podo2/reddit_what_are_health_myths_most_people_believe/)**  * meine lieblinge! im actress julia dietze from germany  i played the lead role in iron sky and im here to answer all of your questions! ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2poqbz/meine_lieblinge_im_actress_julia_dietze_from/)**  * my mother was forcibly overdosed when i was three and died in front of me. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pong8/my_mother_was_forcibly_overdosed_when_i_was_three/)**  * christmas sweater drama in r/gaming. op's a gurl btw :0 :) ;), *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pp1cv/christmas_sweater_drama_in_rgaming_ops_a_gurl_btw/)**  * /r/pcmasterrace lose a brother, hundreds of redditors press f to pay their respects, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2powvy/rpcmasterrace_lose_a_brother_hundreds_of/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2po069) /r/anime, /r/sneakers, /r/animalsbeingjerks, /r/spacetimecoffeetable, /r/geologyporn  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* secret state of north korea (2014) smuggled footage of everyday life in nk., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2por5n/secret_state_of_north_korea_2014_smuggled_footage/)**  * the cabin in the woods (2012) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2poimr/the_cabin_in_the_woods_2012_1080p/)**  * screenwriter of the interview: "comedians shouldnt be held accountable for acts of violence  and those we satirize shouldnt be silenced.... if all countries made satirical movies about each other, and that was the only way we all fought  what a great world wed live in", *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pok4b/screenwriter_of_the_interview_comedians_shouldnt/)**  * liam lynch - united states of whatever [rock], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2polm5/liam_lynch_united_states_of_whatever_rock/)**  * the twilight sad -- drown so i can watch [indie-rock] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pogy8/the_twilight_sad_drown_so_i_can_watch_indierock/)**  * this bot creates short essays from a one word prompt, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2po3d8/this_bot_creates_short_essays_from_a_one_word/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* our quest to follow neighbor cat home!, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2povc4/our_quest_to_follow_neighbor_cat_home/)**  * a luminescent lake (plitvice national park, croatia) [oc] [3640  2409], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2poaf8/a_luminescent_lake_plitvice_national_park_croatia/)**  * rahi chun is my old roommate, dear friend, and all-around wonderful human being. after 20+ years as a professional actor he got a big break starring as general jong in the interview. im pretty bummed we wont get to see him on the big screen., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ppkks/rahi_chun_is_my_old_roommate_dear_friend_and/)**  * the european space agency reports that this image, captured by the planck spacecraft, is among the first to reveal the shape of the milky way's magnetic field. [1000  1000], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pprds/the_european_space_agency_reports_that_this_image/)**  * "the path is yours to choose", somewhere near leigh-on-sea, uk [oc] [900x600], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pok2e/the_path_is_yours_to_choose_somewhere_near/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* what is "other carbohydrate"?, *from /r/nutrition* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/2pp7bw/what_is_other_carbohydrate/)**  * regenerative braking on demand - #nextgenvolt | chevrolet, *from /r/electricvehicles* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/electricvehicles/comments/2pptwr/regenerative_braking_on_demand_nextgenvolt/)**  * run faster is out!, *from /r/shadowrun* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shadowrun/comments/2ppsk6/run_faster_is_out/)**  * greeenpeace director to appear before prosecutor for nazca damage, *from /r/climateskeptics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/climateskeptics/comments/2por69/greeenpeace_director_to_appear_before_prosecutor/)**  * anyone else have the woolly coat mutation? my lobo and his brother both have a mutated coat., *from /r/siberianhusky* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/siberianhusky/comments/2ppbva/anyone_else_have_the_woolly_coat_mutation_my_lobo/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* in about 15 years, karaoke bars will be overrun with groups of drunk girls singing "let it go.", *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pont4/in_about_15_years_karaoke_bars_will_be_overrun/)**  * remake the "harry potter" movie series, but set in 90s compton. starring kendrick lamar as harry and the classic west coast hip hip legends as the teachers., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pp0vb/remake_the_harry_potter_movie_series_but_set_in/)**  * "in peace, sons bury their fathers. in war, fathers bury their sons" - herodotus, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2po7sq/in_peace_sons_bury_their_fathers_in_war_fathers/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* rob lowe compares sony pulling 'the interview' to wwii appeasement of hitler: hollywood personalities slam sony for pulling the seth rogen-james franco comedy after receiving anonymous threats from hackers., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2po8kf/rob_lowe_compares_sony_pulling_the_interview_to/)**  * kurds recapture large area from isis, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ppe8x/kurds_recapture_large_area_from_isis/)**  * goddamned nazi stormtrooper: texas cop tasers 76-year-old man with expired inspection, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2podty/goddamned_nazi_stormtrooper_texas_cop_tasers/)**  * double amputee gets two badass robot arms, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pp52g/double_amputee_gets_two_badass_robot_arms/)**  * wife: cops shot my husband in head during illegal raid, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2po92h/wife_cops_shot_my_husband_in_head_during_illegal/)**  * researchers make bittorrent anonymous and impossible to shut down, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2poo8p/researchers_make_bittorrent_anonymous_and/)**  * nhl player james neal gets fined $2,000 for 'diving'. he is the first player named and shamed under the nhls anti-diving push, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2poplt/nhl_player_james_neal_gets_fined_2000_for_diving/)**  * the five stages of a criminal case, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pp65l/the_five_stages_of_a_criminal_case/)**  * the latest twist in the bizarre prosecution of barrett brown | at a sentencing hearing in dallas, federal prosecutors revived old claims against barrett brown that attorneys say should chill the bones of every journalist, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2po9jy/the_latest_twist_in_the_bizarre_prosecution_of/)**  * what does "f" mean (in the context of a redditor who has died)., *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pp5mz/what_does_f_mean_in_the_context_of_a_redditor_who/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk if your sink's flow rate is getting worse over time, you need to clean the faucet strainer, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ppc2o/ysk_if_your_sinks_flow_rate_is_getting_worse_over/)**  * can a binary star system have a planet or a body orbiting in a shape of 8 around both the stars?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2poej9/can_a_binary_star_system_have_a_planet_or_a_body/)**  * eli5: what causes us to have a random "awkward" flashback, even though that flashback had nothing to do with what you were doing?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pni1b/eli5_what_causes_us_to_have_a_random_awkward/)**  * til in 2004 north korea demanded that the czech republic ban "team america: world police" from theaters. the czech foreign minister relied "obviously, it's absurd to demand that in a democratic country.'', *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ppqgr/til_in_2004_north_korea_demanded_that_the_czech/)**  * relationship between life expectancy and fertility for some countries over time, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2poq5s/relationship_between_life_expectancy_and/)**  * you're drinking coffee wrong: here's how to really maximize your daily caffeine boosts, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pprm6/youre_drinking_coffee_wrong_heres_how_to_really/)**  * why is youtube so bad at recommending videos while google finds what i want instantly?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pofoz/why_is_youtube_so_bad_at_recommending_videos/)**  * hand art., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ppkpq/hand_art/)**  * many poison dart frogs in the oophaga and ranitomeya genera carry their newly hatched tadpoles into the canopy. once in the upper reaches of the rainforest trees, the parents deposit their young in the pools of water that accumulate in epiphytic plants, such as bromeliads., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pop1k/many_poison_dart_frogs_in_the_oophaga_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if a family experiences a miscarriage, pretend they have just lost a 6-month old baby so you don't say anything unintentionally hurtful., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2popm1/lpt_if_a_family_experiences_a_miscarriage_pretend/)**  * new year's resolution time - here comes the flood of new gym goers!, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pp6ci/new_years_resolution_time_here_comes_the_flood_of/)**  * mozart had it right [image], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pnl10/mozart_had_it_right_image/)**  * small dogs get cold, and dog jumpers aren't cheap. use bargain store leg warmers/socks., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pogh5/small_dogs_get_cold_and_dog_jumpers_arent_cheap/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* science ama series: im jeff bazarian, a professor of emergency medicine and concussion researcher at the university of rochester in rochester, new york. ama!, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pohi8/science_ama_series_im_jeff_bazarian_a_professor/)**  * "smog caused by coal consumption killed an estimated 670,000 people in china in 2012, according to a study by researchers that tries to put a price tag on the environmental and social costs of the heavy reliance on the fuel.", *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pnxic/smog_caused_by_coal_consumption_killed_an/)**  * when armstrong first stepped onto the moon, he carried with him a piece of the original 1903 wright brother flyer's wooden propeller and fabric air frame., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2porru/when_armstrong_first_stepped_onto_the_moon_he/)**  * fun with vortex rings in the pool, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pnhb6/fun_with_vortex_rings_in_the_pool/)**  * a hint of m42 with an iphone5, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pov93/a_hint_of_m42_with_an_iphone5/)**  * researchers make bittorrent anonymous and impossible to shut down, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pol3j/researchers_make_bittorrent_anonymous_and/)**  * digital elevation model of the contiguous united states [3375x2118], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pp3i5/digital_elevation_model_of_the_contiguous_united/)**  * postgresql 9.4 released, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pov6d/postgresql_94_released/)**  * first ubuntu phone will launch in europe this february, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pq0o5/first_ubuntu_phone_will_launch_in_europe_this/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what are health myths most people believe in?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2podo2/reddit_what_are_health_myths_most_people_believe/)**  * meine lieblinge! im actress julia dietze from germany  i played the lead role in iron sky and im here to answer all of your questions! ask me anything!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2poqbz/meine_lieblinge_im_actress_julia_dietze_from/)**  * my mother was forcibly overdosed when i was three and died in front of me. ama., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pong8/my_mother_was_forcibly_overdosed_when_i_was_three/)**  * christmas sweater drama in r/gaming. op's a gurl btw :0 :) ;), *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pp1cv/christmas_sweater_drama_in_rgaming_ops_a_gurl_btw/)**  * /r/pcmasterrace lose a brother, hundreds of redditors press f to pay their respects, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2powvy/rpcmasterrace_lose_a_brother_hundreds_of/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2po069) /r/anime, /r/sneakers, /r/animalsbeingjerks, /r/spacetimecoffeetable, /r/geologyporn  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* secret state of north korea (2014) smuggled footage of everyday life in nk., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2por5n/secret_state_of_north_korea_2014_smuggled_footage/)**  * the cabin in the woods (2012) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2poimr/the_cabin_in_the_woods_2012_1080p/)**  * screenwriter of the interview: "comedians shouldnt be held accountable for acts of violence  and those we satirize shouldnt be silenced.... if all countries made satirical movies about each other, and that was the only way we all fought  what a great world wed live in", *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pok4b/screenwriter_of_the_interview_comedians_shouldnt/)**  * liam lynch - united states of whatever [rock], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2polm5/liam_lynch_united_states_of_whatever_rock/)**  * the twilight sad -- drown so i can watch [indie-rock] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pogy8/the_twilight_sad_drown_so_i_can_watch_indierock/)**  * this bot creates short essays from a one word prompt, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2po3d8/this_bot_creates_short_essays_from_a_one_word/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* our quest to follow neighbor cat home!, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2povc4/our_quest_to_follow_neighbor_cat_home/)**  * a luminescent lake (plitvice national park, croatia) [oc] [3640  2409], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2poaf8/a_luminescent_lake_plitvice_national_park_croatia/)**  * rahi chun is my old roommate, dear friend, and all-around wonderful human being. after 20+ years as a professional actor he got a big break starring as general jong in the interview. im pretty bummed we wont get to see him on the big screen., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2ppkks/rahi_chun_is_my_old_roommate_dear_friend_and/)**  * the european space agency reports that this image, captured by the planck spacecraft, is among the first to reveal the shape of the milky way's magnetic field. [1000  1000], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pprds/the_european_space_agency_reports_that_this_image/)**  * "the path is yours to choose", somewhere near leigh-on-sea, uk [oc] [900x600], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pok2e/the_path_is_yours_to_choose_somewhere_near/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* what is "other carbohydrate"?, *from /r/nutrition* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/2pp7bw/what_is_other_carbohydrate/)**  * regenerative braking on demand - #nextgenvolt | chevrolet, *from /r/electricvehicles* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/electricvehicles/comments/2pptwr/regenerative_braking_on_demand_nextgenvolt/)**  * run faster is out!, *from /r/shadowrun* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shadowrun/comments/2ppsk6/run_faster_is_out/)**  * greeenpeace director to appear before prosecutor for nazca damage, *from /r/climateskeptics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/climateskeptics/comments/2por69/greeenpeace_director_to_appear_before_prosecutor/)**  * anyone else have the woolly coat mutation? my lobo and his brother both have a mutated coat., *from /r/siberianhusky* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/siberianhusky/comments/2ppbva/anyone_else_have_the_woolly_coat_mutation_my_lobo/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* in about 15 years, karaoke bars will be overrun with groups of drunk girls singing "let it go.", *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pont4/in_about_15_years_karaoke_bars_will_be_overrun/)**  * remake the "harry potter" movie series, but set in 90s compton. starring kendrick lamar as harry and the classic west coast hip hip legends as the teachers., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pp0vb/remake_the_harry_potter_movie_series_but_set_in/)**  * "in peace, sons bury their fathers. in war, fathers bury their sons" - herodotus, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2po7sq/in_peace_sons_bury_their_fathers_in_war_fathers/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i've had a few strange experiences but this one really stands out to me. it happened a couple of years ago when my boyfriend and i were hanging around in my room. i had a large bookshelf built into the wall directly at the end of my bed, about half filled with books. i'd just rearranged them recently and i always kept them neatly pushed back against the back of the shelves. we both saw it happen clear as day, and we don't disagree on what we saw. a book flew/fell out a good distance from the shelf and landed on the bed. no bump, no movement that could have caused it. it's a sturdy bookshelf. the book just flew out like it was being pushed out from behind, and with a lot of force. if anyone's interested the book was called "innocent when you dream". haven't read it. maybe i should take a closer look at the book to see if there's anything out of place. i'd be interested to see if you guys have had similar experiences to this so please do share your stories!++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on friday.  **report period:**   thursday, december 11, 2014 through wednesday, december 17, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canada** [[full report](/2prpcw)]   ---* [christmas train](/2phkvz)  * [canadian man finds woman with ex-girlfriend's name for free trip around the world](/2pkq3q)  * [i'm becoming canadian today!!](/2p2sav)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/crazyideas** [[full report](/2prm75)]   ---* [go out and start killing rich parents until we get a batman. lord knows we need one. random killings are on the rise...](/2p6gmm)  * [the very last marvel cinematic universe movie should end with an autistic boy playing with action figures, and robert downey jr. and samuel l jackson as his gay dads.](/2oyx7x)  * [make hotdogs that cook themselves when you crack them like glowsticks](/2p2wif)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/drugs** [[full report](/2prn7j)]   ---* [new marijuana study says everyone knows you're high and you'll likely be stoned forever](/2phrw9)  * [5 types of stoner](/2p357h)  * [snoop approves kid's beer bong invention](/2p0984)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entrepreneur** [[full report](/2prk9k)]   ---* [516 days ago at 20 years old i quit my job, dropped out of school, and founded an online hippie shop. this is how it turned out.](/2pe0og)  * [how our side project generated $51,365 in 60 days](/2p072q)  * [context is everything. can we have flair that says what industry we are in?](/2pbau2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/futurology** [[full report](/2prij8)]   ---* [so this guy detected an exoplanet with household equipment, some plywood, an arduino, and a normal digital camera that you can buy in a store. then made a video explaining how he did it and distributed it across the globe at practically zero cost. now tell me we don't live in the future.](/2pctq3)  * [nasa to be overfunded in 2015, its future as bright as the sun.](/2p73tf)  * [iowa to allow citizens to use a smartphone app as their official drivers license](/2oz1o3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gifs** [[full report](/2prvfc)]   ---* [what astronauts actually see upon reentry](/2pcwzd)  * [you can step on lava](/2p7l33)  * [plummeting](/2pdy48)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/hiphopheads** [[full report](/2prrd3)]   ---* [kendrick lamar - untitled (the colbert report live)](/2pjs36)  * [outkast booed after winning best new artist at the 1995 source awards + reactions from t.i., killer mike, ludacris](/2pcyen)  * [[final count] j. cole's 2014 forest hills drive sells a staggering 361k first week](/2pid2k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/historyporn** [[full report](/2prfmd)]   ---* [a soviet soldier with the head of a statue of hitler, berlin, 1945 [540x800]](/2p3xr6)  * [oldest known photo of a tornado, taken about 20 miles sw of howard, south dakota, united states. (august 28th, 1884)[1024x754]](/2owsog)  * [a teenager at an elvis presley concert at the philadelphia arena on april 6, 1957 - [2461x3000]](/2p64b6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/iama** [[full report](/2prt5t)]   ---* [i'm co-founder of wikipedia and with my new startup, infobitt, i want to make a wikipedia for the news. ask me anything!](/2peu84)  * [nick offerman, chanticleer, ready for another ama](/2oxk19)  * [i'm richard adams, author of watership down, shardik and other novels. here for a second round! ama!](/2pkttw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ideasfortheadmins** [[full report](/2prdih)]   ---* [every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit marketplace.](/2p2ozk)  * [personal weight adjustment for subscribed subreddits](/2p9vpv)  * [post title: "this is too long (max: 300)" - why not include the current character count so i know how many to take out?](/2ozxc2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/karmacourt** [[full report](/2prcxo)]   ---* [the people of reddit vs. rogansmomma for sodomizing a dog and malicious karmawhoring.](/2p7psb)  * [the people of reddit v. /u/rickrocketed for depraved-heart lying, goldprostitution, failure to deliver and trolling in the first degree](/2pamfq)  * [the people of /r/neopets v. the moderator (diceroll123) for complete and utter corruption.](/2oze07)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lightbulb** [[full report](/2prd3c)]   ---* [in an elevator, pushing the floor button again should cancel the selection](/2p9j4e)  * [build tv's that, when off, are a mirror. that way your tv makes the room look bigger and less of a focal point when company is over.](/2p6z5m)  * [a friend/date finder app for redditors that shows the subreddits you both follow for conversation starters.](/2pkim4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mommit** [[full report](/2prdt4)]   ---* [the washing of blankie](/2p6i5g)  * [this is how my bookworm fell asleep. i love it.](/2oyp6i)  * [he's such a ham](/2p46nm)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pcmasterrace** [[full report](/2pru73)]   ---* [playing pacman on a laptop with bananas... your move consoles](/2paxxa)  * [what i've been doing for the last hour after an impulse upgrade to my graphics card.](/2p9utu)  * [every steam sale for me.](/2pgxh6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotes** [[full report](/2prew8)]   ---* ["curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not." -neil degrasse tyson](/2peky2)  * ["politicians use research findings the way a drunk uses a lamppost: for support, not for illumination." - jared bernstein, economist](/2oz5fy)  * ["when the axe came into the woods, many of the trees said, "at least the handle is one of us'"  r.l .stein](/2pasu4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/retrogaming** [[full report](/2pre7g)]   ---* [i made retro game consoles for christmas presents (x-post from diy)](/2ph7h8)  * [lego atari 2600](/2paglm)  * [extremely cocky mega man 3 advertisement](/2p2tno)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/science** [[full report](/2prodh)]   ---* [curiosity rover drills into mars rock, finds water...and, in that same sample, the first discovery of organic compounds.](/2placa)  * ["copper kills everything": a copper bedrail could cut back on infections for hospital patients](/2pix1s)  * [patients don't understand risks of unnecessary antibiotics, study shows](/2pgjcv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/serialpodcast** [[full report](/2prqex)]   ---* [the last episode of serial](/2pkrtg)  * [best buy tweets #serial joke, gets backlash](/2p0ema)  * [sesame street won the internet today.](/2own9v)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shutupandtakemymoney** [[full report](/2prd9q)]   ---* [half-life 2 gordon freeman hev suit hoodie](/2p2a5d)  * [a 3d printed heavy breathing cat](/2p379o)  * [pillow 13x13x13 iq brick](/2phi8d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/soccer** [[full report](/2prxp6)]   ---* [reddit, i present to you the 1st annual fallon d'floor award nominees!](/2pjx2n)  * [weird goal from legia - trabzonspor](/2p0a6s)  * [thierry henry retires](/2pg4dd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/space** [[full report](/2prgv1)]   ---* [the sun, photographed from the same spot, at the same hour, on different days throughout the year](/2p8mjx)  * [nasa to receive more money than it requested for 2015](/2p2p90)  * [what astronauts actually see on reentry.](/2pdz5n)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theredpill** [[full report](/2prjd9)]   ---* [it's not the red pill truths that upset the masses as much as the socially unskilled ways they are presented](/2ozk5i)  * [never date a woman who won't do sexual things with you that she did with her other partners.](/2pk1op)  * [everything you need to know about shit tests](/2pb4fs)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/twoxchromosomes** [[full report](/2prs9s)]   ---* [[iff] i recently found a bad-ass picture of my mom in graduate school in iran. she was one of a handful of women in her program.](/2p30rw)  * [a missouri republican is pushing a bill that would allow a man who gets a woman pregnant to stop her from having an abortion. the measure would force a woman who wants an abortion to obtain written permission from the father firstunless she was the victim of "legitimate rape."](/2pl1cu)  * [i'm going to leave my abusive bf on tuesday. everything is in place, there is no backing out of it now..i feel sick to my stomach and want to curl up in a ball and stay like that for days.this is my life, this is the biggest change i will ever have made and i am terrified and have no one to talk to](/2pcnfo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/vegan** [[full report](/2prhm8)]   ---* [a vegan teacher in ohio has been fired for a facebook post about the treatment of dairy cows.](/2p6v0c)  * [congress telling the dietary guidelines committee not to highlight the environmental implications of certain food choices (meat)](/2pd4o3)  * [seaworld ceo stepping down, layoffs coming as stocks continue to plummet.](/2p0xqy)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/whatisthisthing** [[full report](/2prl80)]   ---* [what are these tiny bears about the size of a quarter? i used to have tons when i was a kid in the 90s and i have no idea what they're called. but i want more. help!](/2p3ol7)  * [girlfriend broke her bosses lamp. where can i find another like this?](/2ph0zo)  * [help me make $10 by identifying this thing!](/2p0ir0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wtf** [[full report](/2prwny)]   ---* [i'm a valet...this was in the backseat of a car i parked yesterday.](/2p687w)  * [hadn't been down in the basement in a while....](/2pd284)  * [my sister got this in the mail today](/2p16o1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
so lately i've been trying my hand at bounty hunting and pirating (they go hand in hand!) and was wondering when i destroy the cargo hatch subtarget with my weapons does it release all cargo or does some get destroyed?++$++16
with martin and free sitting out of practice again yesterday it had me thinking about our backups. how confident are you in them?we've seen parnell play and apart from a couple of errors he's done pretty well, i'm less confident in bernadeau though, he wasn't fantastic last year and we haven't seen him so far this year, he may have something to prove though and i believe they can get the job done.how do you think it will affect our chances of winning should martin &amp; free sit?++$++20
so, being a type a personality, complete control freak, and a research whore from the time i found out i was pregnant, which was about 14 dpo, i've been totally stressed out. i also had some cramping and spotting on tuesday that didn't help.yesterday, i went for my first visit and it was so relieving! i know we aren't out of the woods but just have to have someone look at you and say congratulations after my confirmation test makes me feel like i am not crazy and wasn't having a hysterical pregnancy. i chose a practice that has two locations one close to work and another to home. they also have privileges at my choice hospital. and they have 6 rotating doctors which i like and dislike. all of their nurses are specifically ob nurses. they encourage you to schedule your appointments with each of the doctors so you have a chance to talk with them and get acquainted. i like that i will have someone from my practice at my delivery - i am worried i may not connect or feel the same about all of them. we will see. they took samples for gonorrhea, chlamydia, and a pap. my cervical check was great, no signs of bleeding, high and closed, and everything looks good. they estimate me to be 6w3d with an edd of 8/11. after the physical portion i went into the nps office and they invited my husband in. we went over testing, they gave me a huge packet of dos and donts, and answered the long long list of questions i had. i was so happy with everything. my dh has to have blood drawn for the jewish heritage screen. he's totally freaked out, saying he's probably given our bean "the jew". so, that happened. they said they won't begin bw until the 8 week appointment. i was surprised they didn't even want to test hcg. i guess it's different every where. she said because i am young (31), healthy, no medical issues, and everything looks great it wasn't necessary. i think i wanted it more for my own peace of mind. have any of you had your ob not request an hcg?anyway, i know there are now a lot of us august bumpers popping up so i thought i'd share my experience. we have our 8 week scan on new years eve - she told us we'll get to see the "dancing gummie bear" and hear a heart beat(s). can't wait!now i have the task of calling my insurance with all the test codes they gave me - hoping my government employee insurance helps a girl out. have a wonderful day :)++$++31
i'm wanting to start following neoconservative writers so i can point out specific examples of how unreasonable they are. i follow these jokers:* [jennifer rubin](http://www.washingtonpost.com/people/jennifer-rubin)* [david frum](http://www.theatlantic.com/david-frum/)* [fred barnes](http://www.weeklystandard.com/author/fred-barnes#)* [jonathan tobin](http://www.commentarymagazine.com/author/jonathan-s-tobin/)* [john podhoretz](http://www.commentarymagazine.com/author/john-podhoretz/)* [bill kristol](http://www.weeklystandard.com/author/william-kristol)* [good ole' charles](http://www.washingtonpost.com/people/charles-krauthammer)* [michelle malkin](http://townhall.com/columnists/michellemalkin/)* [jonah goldberg](http://www.nationalreview.com/author/jonah-goldberg)* [john bolton](http://www.foxnews.com/topics/john-bolton.htm)* [max boot](http://www.commentarymagazine.com/author/max-boot/)* [eli lake](http://www.thedailybeast.com/contributors/eli-lake.html)* [josh rogin](http://www.thedailybeast.com/contributors/josh-rogin.html)* [david sanger](http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/people/s/david_e_sanger/index.html)who's hip in neocon circles? who is their justin raimondo, jonathan landay, or phil geraldi? i know the guys i follow carry some weight, but they don't write often. i want the cream of their imperialist crop.edit: added more names.edit: linked to all of their pages.++$++18
when you put a long range scope into your hands and zoom in, you can only look left and right not up and down. it's like the vertical axis is locked.++$++21
i have a 300k budget. looking to build a team during the toty crash++$++20
round 1: fight to the death.round 2: with the support of their armies.++$++17
we are in the middle of moving and i'm constantly exhausted. laid down on couch to take a break and  dh came over and put a moving label  http://imgur.com/lwg3as9 on bean. made me ugly cry... holy hormones.++$++31
i relapsed again. i want to be determined to get up and try again but i feel that my efforts are insincere or somethjng because i can never fulfill the promises i keep making to myself. i want to believe that i can overcome this but i intuitively know that i can't. i cry out to god but it doesn't help. this is hell.++$++18
i'm trying to see if a towing company has my car.  does anyone know what company they might use in rice village? i've searched the houston police department website and had no luck with the this website: http://findmytowedcar.com/tvrmscitizen/mainpage.aspx++$++31
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* george clooney calls for online release of 'the interview "that's the most important part. we cannot be told we can't see something by kim jong un, of all f***ing people.", *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pslkb/george_clooney_calls_for_online_release_of_the/)**  * claims that boys were murdered by vip sex ring are credible and true - british police, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2preds/claims_that_boys_were_murdered_by_vip_sex_ring/)**  * big banks balk, so colorado creates a credit union for the marijuana industry, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2psa6v/big_banks_balk_so_colorado_creates_a_credit_union/)**  * imperial stormtroopers escort bullied 12-year-old australian girl to formal dance, giving her instant popularity. later, they all visit a children's hospital., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2psxsp/imperial_stormtroopers_escort_bullied_12yearold/)**  * the fcc ignored hundreds of thousands of net neutrality comments (proof), *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2psxh9/the_fcc_ignored_hundreds_of_thousands_of_net/)**  * i wouldn't like to play rugby with this guy. or any other sport for that matter., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ptgpc/i_wouldnt_like_to_play_rugby_with_this_guy_or_any/)**  * dr. dre hands out big bonuses to attorneys and staff at his longtime law firm, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pt8qg/dr_dre_hands_out_big_bonuses_to_attorneys_and/)**  * more evidence revealed of hollywood's chummy relationship with state attorney general... even as he plays dumb, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2psu70/more_evidence_revealed_of_hollywoods_chummy/)**  * why is everyone saying "10"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2psjux/why_is_everyone_saying_10/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that titles like "quick question" and "need advice" when asking for help aren't descriptive enough., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ptngs/ysk_that_titles_like_quick_question_and_need/)**  * would it be possible to use time dilation to travel into the future?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pta7j/would_it_be_possible_to_use_time_dilation_to/)**  * eli5: when my cat rolls over and looks like it wants a belly-rub, then it decides to attack my hand, does it really think that i'm a threat, or is it just being a dick?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2ps24s/eli5_when_my_cat_rolls_over_and_looks_like_it/)**  * til that charlie chaplin considered pulling the plug on his movie "the great dictator" because he was worried that it might be banned or that people might not find mocking hitler funny. when he heard about this, fdr sent chaplin a message, urging him to make the movie., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2preba/til_that_charlie_chaplin_considered_pulling_the/)**  * kobe vs. jordan, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pt25j/kobe_vs_jordan/)**  * it's sfw if it's art right?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2praxa/its_sfw_if_its_art_right/)**  * in the "kill, fuck, marry" game, is it assumed you are going to fuck the one you marry as much as you want?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pslah/in_the_kill_fuck_marry_game_is_it_assumed_you_are/)**  * a colorado man made history at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory (apl) this summer when he became the first bilateral shoulder-level amputee to wear and simultaneously control two of the laboratory's modular prosthetic limbs., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ps9gx/a_colorado_man_made_history_at_the_johns_hopkins/)**  * bali mynah is an endemic bird of bali, white colored and have a blue spot around the eyes, and it is now currently critically endangered., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2psddu/bali_mynah_is_an_endemic_bird_of_bali_white/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt (netflix) use hola vpn and change your location settings to chile to access a wider selection, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pty6a/lpt_netflix_use_hola_vpn_and_change_your_location/)**  * a motivational journey - from 96lbs to 180lbs, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ptb50/a_motivational_journey_from_96lbs_to_180lbs/)**  * [image] a different way of looking at problems, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ptilf/image_a_different_way_of_looking_at_problems/)**  * [requests] is there any easy way to clean the dust off my headphones?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2prz2z/requests_is_there_any_easy_way_to_clean_the_dust/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* scientists translate monkey sounds into english, and develop linguistic rules for different primate dialects. their research is published in the journal linguistics and philosophy., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pspwn/scientists_translate_monkey_sounds_into_english/)**  * why it's easier to spill a coffee than a foamy beer!, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ps946/why_its_easier_to_spill_a_coffee_than_a_foamy_beer/)**  * nasa just e-mailed a wrench to the iss., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2psgub/nasa_just_emailed_a_wrench_to_the_iss/)**  * quantum physics just got less complicated 2 hours ago, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ps5zn/quantum_physics_just_got_less_complicated_2_hours/)**  * nasa kepler spacecraft's tally of planets, with graphic and info on each, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2prcnq/nasa_kepler_spacecrafts_tally_of_planets_with/)**  * this week in technology: a speech recognition breakthrough, drones that 3d print, ghost cars, and more, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2psbxc/this_week_in_technology_a_speech_recognition/)**  * new danish territorial claim to the north pole [624x512][gif][bbc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2psa5m/new_danish_territorial_claim_to_the_north_pole/)**  * nuitka: a python compiler, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2psa19/nuitka_a_python_compiler/)**  * red hat, which just reported a profit of $47.9 million (or 26 cents a share) on revenue of $456 million for its third quarter, has managed to pull off a tricky feat: its been able make money off of free, well, open-source, software. (its profit for the year-ago quarter was $52 million.), *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pshot/red_hat_which_just_reported_a_profit_of_479/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* if you were going to assassinate kim jong un, how would you do it?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2psi7i/if_you_were_going_to_assassinate_kim_jong_un_how/)**  * emmy rossum here...you may know me as fiona gallagher from shameless. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ptunz/emmy_rossum_hereyou_may_know_me_as_fiona/)**  * we are the moderators of /r/explainlikeimfive, a default subreddit which has recently reached 4 million subscribers. ask us anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pss0q/we_are_the_moderators_of_rexplainlikeimfive_a/)**  * a user in /r/ladyboners doesn't think brad pitt is attractive because he cheated on his wife. this kicks off a debate over whether this makes him a misogynist or not., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ps1sy/a_user_in_rladyboners_doesnt_think_brad_pitt_is/)**  * the people of reddit vs. mods of /r/dataisbeautiful for felony grand theft karma, mod abuse, bystander apathy, and liarliarpantsonfire.gif, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2psh9c/the_people_of_reddit_vs_mods_of_rdataisbeautiful/)**  * /u/bhamv re-tells the original star wars trilogy through the bias of an imperial history textbook, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pr7q4/ubhamv_retells_the_original_star_wars_trilogy/)**  * announcing reddit notes, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2pt25f/announcing_reddit_notes/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2prs7b) /r/explainlikeimcalvin, /r/newsporn, /r/johncandygifs, /r/catsinbusinessattire, /r/lotr  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* a beautiful look into the mind of eccentric graphic designer, aaron draplin (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ps8m2/a_beautiful_look_into_the_mind_of_eccentric/)**  * monty python live mostly 2014 (1080) hd. i found it again! i hope i posted this correctly :), *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ptl4e/monty_python_live_mostly_2014_1080_hd_i_found_it/)**  * dvdvdvdvd, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2pt5eb/dvdvdvdvd/)**  * george takei petitions against all-white casting choices for akira adaptation, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2psbow/george_takei_petitions_against_allwhite_casting/)**  * stephen colbert closed out his last colbert report with neutral milk hotel's "holland 1945", *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2ptf5g/stephen_colbert_closed_out_his_last_colbert/)**  * garth marenghi - i'm a one track lover [pop] 1985, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2prypi/garth_marenghi_im_a_one_track_lover_pop_1985/)**  * instagram purged loads of fake followers. table/graphic showing how many followers the biggest accounts lost, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pshkv/instagram_purged_loads_of_fake_followers/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* she managed to open her christmas present last night, extreme guilt ensues., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2ps8bq/she_managed_to_open_her_christmas_present_last/)**  * firat glow - first glow on an october morning at riffelsee; the matterhorn in switzerland by roland moser [781x1170], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2psvwt/firat_glow_first_glow_on_an_october_morning_at/)**  * my office decided to say 'fuck it' today, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2prsyf/my_office_decided_to_say_fuck_it_today/)**  * the chinese lunar rover yutu starting its mission [1280x940], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2psf1h/the_chinese_lunar_rover_yutu_starting_its_mission/)**  * duluth mn sunrise [oc] [5046x3364], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2psaal/duluth_mn_sunrise_oc_5046x3364/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* little boy bomb, capsule key ring! for any emergency., *from /r/3dprinting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/3dprinting/comments/2ps4ov/little_boy_bomb_capsule_key_ring_for_any_emergency/)**  * i got matched with a blizzard employee for my reddit secret santa!, *from /r/wow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/2ptscq/i_got_matched_with_a_blizzard_employee_for_my/)**  * live now! web design competition (devwar) &amp;amp; x-mas fun!, *from /r/web_design* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/web_design/comments/2pt56x/live_now_web_design_competition_devwar_xmas_fun/)**  * so the west gets . . . stronger. well, at least it's the rondo-less celtics at the heat on sunday., *from /r/heat* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/heat/comments/2pr90b/so_the_west_gets_stronger_well_at_least_its_the/)**  * holy scammers, batman! someone tries to sell $20.00 physical "key" to install xbmc to ouya, *from /r/ouya* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ouya/comments/2pts21/holy_scammers_batman_someone_tries_to_sell_2000/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* facebook should have a 'degrees of seperation' button on non-friends pages., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2psb02/facebook_should_have_a_degrees_of_seperation/)**  * sony should recover their expenses by capturing kim jong-un and airing a reality show special where he is trapped in a house with kanye west until one of them agrees to make a five-minute video declaring their ultimate inferiority to the other., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pt5um/sony_should_recover_their_expenses_by_capturing/)**  * "if your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you don't have a regime." - jon stewart, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2prfsp/if_your_regime_is_not_strong_enough_to_handle_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* george clooney calls for online release of 'the interview "that's the most important part. we cannot be told we can't see something by kim jong un, of all f***ing people.", *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pslkb/george_clooney_calls_for_online_release_of_the/)**  * claims that boys were murdered by vip sex ring are credible and true - british police, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2preds/claims_that_boys_were_murdered_by_vip_sex_ring/)**  * big banks balk, so colorado creates a credit union for the marijuana industry, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2psa6v/big_banks_balk_so_colorado_creates_a_credit_union/)**  * imperial stormtroopers escort bullied 12-year-old australian girl to formal dance, giving her instant popularity. later, they all visit a children's hospital., *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2psxsp/imperial_stormtroopers_escort_bullied_12yearold/)**  * the fcc ignored hundreds of thousands of net neutrality comments (proof), *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2psxh9/the_fcc_ignored_hundreds_of_thousands_of_net/)**  * i wouldn't like to play rugby with this guy. or any other sport for that matter., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2ptgpc/i_wouldnt_like_to_play_rugby_with_this_guy_or_any/)**  * dr. dre hands out big bonuses to attorneys and staff at his longtime law firm, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pt8qg/dr_dre_hands_out_big_bonuses_to_attorneys_and/)**  * more evidence revealed of hollywood's chummy relationship with state attorney general... even as he plays dumb, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2psu70/more_evidence_revealed_of_hollywoods_chummy/)**  * why is everyone saying "10"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2psjux/why_is_everyone_saying_10/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that titles like "quick question" and "need advice" when asking for help aren't descriptive enough., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2ptngs/ysk_that_titles_like_quick_question_and_need/)**  * would it be possible to use time dilation to travel into the future?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pta7j/would_it_be_possible_to_use_time_dilation_to/)**  * eli5: when my cat rolls over and looks like it wants a belly-rub, then it decides to attack my hand, does it really think that i'm a threat, or is it just being a dick?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2ps24s/eli5_when_my_cat_rolls_over_and_looks_like_it/)**  * til that charlie chaplin considered pulling the plug on his movie "the great dictator" because he was worried that it might be banned or that people might not find mocking hitler funny. when he heard about this, fdr sent chaplin a message, urging him to make the movie., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2preba/til_that_charlie_chaplin_considered_pulling_the/)**  * kobe vs. jordan, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pt25j/kobe_vs_jordan/)**  * it's sfw if it's art right?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2praxa/its_sfw_if_its_art_right/)**  * in the "kill, fuck, marry" game, is it assumed you are going to fuck the one you marry as much as you want?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pslah/in_the_kill_fuck_marry_game_is_it_assumed_you_are/)**  * a colorado man made history at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory (apl) this summer when he became the first bilateral shoulder-level amputee to wear and simultaneously control two of the laboratory's modular prosthetic limbs., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2ps9gx/a_colorado_man_made_history_at_the_johns_hopkins/)**  * bali mynah is an endemic bird of bali, white colored and have a blue spot around the eyes, and it is now currently critically endangered., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2psddu/bali_mynah_is_an_endemic_bird_of_bali_white/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt (netflix) use hola vpn and change your location settings to chile to access a wider selection, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pty6a/lpt_netflix_use_hola_vpn_and_change_your_location/)**  * a motivational journey - from 96lbs to 180lbs, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2ptb50/a_motivational_journey_from_96lbs_to_180lbs/)**  * [image] a different way of looking at problems, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2ptilf/image_a_different_way_of_looking_at_problems/)**  * [requests] is there any easy way to clean the dust off my headphones?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2prz2z/requests_is_there_any_easy_way_to_clean_the_dust/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* scientists translate monkey sounds into english, and develop linguistic rules for different primate dialects. their research is published in the journal linguistics and philosophy., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pspwn/scientists_translate_monkey_sounds_into_english/)**  * why it's easier to spill a coffee than a foamy beer!, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2ps946/why_its_easier_to_spill_a_coffee_than_a_foamy_beer/)**  * nasa just e-mailed a wrench to the iss., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2psgub/nasa_just_emailed_a_wrench_to_the_iss/)**  * quantum physics just got less complicated 2 hours ago, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2ps5zn/quantum_physics_just_got_less_complicated_2_hours/)**  * nasa kepler spacecraft's tally of planets, with graphic and info on each, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2prcnq/nasa_kepler_spacecrafts_tally_of_planets_with/)**  * this week in technology: a speech recognition breakthrough, drones that 3d print, ghost cars, and more, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2psbxc/this_week_in_technology_a_speech_recognition/)**  * new danish territorial claim to the north pole [624x512][gif][bbc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2psa5m/new_danish_territorial_claim_to_the_north_pole/)**  * nuitka: a python compiler, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2psa19/nuitka_a_python_compiler/)**  * red hat, which just reported a profit of $47.9 million (or 26 cents a share) on revenue of $456 million for its third quarter, has managed to pull off a tricky feat: its been able make money off of free, well, open-source, software. (its profit for the year-ago quarter was $52 million.), *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pshot/red_hat_which_just_reported_a_profit_of_479/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* if you were going to assassinate kim jong un, how would you do it?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2psi7i/if_you_were_going_to_assassinate_kim_jong_un_how/)**  * emmy rossum here...you may know me as fiona gallagher from shameless. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2ptunz/emmy_rossum_hereyou_may_know_me_as_fiona/)**  * we are the moderators of /r/explainlikeimfive, a default subreddit which has recently reached 4 million subscribers. ask us anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pss0q/we_are_the_moderators_of_rexplainlikeimfive_a/)**  * a user in /r/ladyboners doesn't think brad pitt is attractive because he cheated on his wife. this kicks off a debate over whether this makes him a misogynist or not., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2ps1sy/a_user_in_rladyboners_doesnt_think_brad_pitt_is/)**  * the people of reddit vs. mods of /r/dataisbeautiful for felony grand theft karma, mod abuse, bystander apathy, and liarliarpantsonfire.gif, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2psh9c/the_people_of_reddit_vs_mods_of_rdataisbeautiful/)**  * /u/bhamv re-tells the original star wars trilogy through the bias of an imperial history textbook, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pr7q4/ubhamv_retells_the_original_star_wars_trilogy/)**  * announcing reddit notes, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2pt25f/announcing_reddit_notes/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2prs7b) /r/explainlikeimcalvin, /r/newsporn, /r/johncandygifs, /r/catsinbusinessattire, /r/lotr  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* a beautiful look into the mind of eccentric graphic designer, aaron draplin (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2ps8m2/a_beautiful_look_into_the_mind_of_eccentric/)**  * monty python live mostly 2014 (1080) hd. i found it again! i hope i posted this correctly :), *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2ptl4e/monty_python_live_mostly_2014_1080_hd_i_found_it/)**  * dvdvdvdvd, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2pt5eb/dvdvdvdvd/)**  * george takei petitions against all-white casting choices for akira adaptation, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2psbow/george_takei_petitions_against_allwhite_casting/)**  * stephen colbert closed out his last colbert report with neutral milk hotel's "holland 1945", *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2ptf5g/stephen_colbert_closed_out_his_last_colbert/)**  * garth marenghi - i'm a one track lover [pop] 1985, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2prypi/garth_marenghi_im_a_one_track_lover_pop_1985/)**  * instagram purged loads of fake followers. table/graphic showing how many followers the biggest accounts lost, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pshkv/instagram_purged_loads_of_fake_followers/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* she managed to open her christmas present last night, extreme guilt ensues., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2ps8bq/she_managed_to_open_her_christmas_present_last/)**  * firat glow - first glow on an october morning at riffelsee; the matterhorn in switzerland by roland moser [781x1170], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2psvwt/firat_glow_first_glow_on_an_october_morning_at/)**  * my office decided to say 'fuck it' today, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2prsyf/my_office_decided_to_say_fuck_it_today/)**  * the chinese lunar rover yutu starting its mission [1280x940], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2psf1h/the_chinese_lunar_rover_yutu_starting_its_mission/)**  * duluth mn sunrise [oc] [5046x3364], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2psaal/duluth_mn_sunrise_oc_5046x3364/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* little boy bomb, capsule key ring! for any emergency., *from /r/3dprinting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/3dprinting/comments/2ps4ov/little_boy_bomb_capsule_key_ring_for_any_emergency/)**  * i got matched with a blizzard employee for my reddit secret santa!, *from /r/wow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/2ptscq/i_got_matched_with_a_blizzard_employee_for_my/)**  * live now! web design competition (devwar) &amp;amp; x-mas fun!, *from /r/web_design* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/web_design/comments/2pt56x/live_now_web_design_competition_devwar_xmas_fun/)**  * so the west gets . . . stronger. well, at least it's the rondo-less celtics at the heat on sunday., *from /r/heat* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/heat/comments/2pr90b/so_the_west_gets_stronger_well_at_least_its_the/)**  * holy scammers, batman! someone tries to sell $20.00 physical "key" to install xbmc to ouya, *from /r/ouya* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ouya/comments/2pts21/holy_scammers_batman_someone_tries_to_sell_2000/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* facebook should have a 'degrees of seperation' button on non-friends pages., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2psb02/facebook_should_have_a_degrees_of_seperation/)**  * sony should recover their expenses by capturing kim jong-un and airing a reality show special where he is trapped in a house with kanye west until one of them agrees to make a five-minute video declaring their ultimate inferiority to the other., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pt5um/sony_should_recover_their_expenses_by_capturing/)**  * "if your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you don't have a regime." - jon stewart, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2prfsp/if_your_regime_is_not_strong_enough_to_handle_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
today guys i had the worst urge i have ever experienced. i hated it.my whole body was shaking like a crazed drug addict as my brain was in a rush of thoughts trying to convince me to relapse while a voice was telling me not to relapse. i went to lie down and closed my eyes to relax my mind with some breathing techniques. i crashed and i just slept without even knowing until i woke up thinking what the hell happened. the urge was no more but i got a bad headache like as if there is a hole through my brain. i'm so glad i didn't give in this was just ridicilous it seemed impossible. i don't want to throw away all this shit i've gone through for nothing. during this streak i was flatlining so badly that i was having thoughts of harming others and myself and was feeling so mad and upset that i was on the verge of going to a hospital. i must keep going and not relapse to get out of this withdrawal so i can finally get myself back and make myself and my peers happy.++$++15
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on saturday.  **report period:**   friday, december 12, 2014 through thursday, december 18, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asianhotties** [[full report](/2puzs0)]   ---* [rave outfit](/2ppx57)  * [i've compiled a nice little album of asian women. let me know what you guys think!](/2per97)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/baseball** [[full report](/2pvdcu)]   ---* [minor question, don't upvote.](/2p317e)  * [one star yelp reviews of mlb stadiums](/2pleto)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bestof** [[full report](/2pv3qb)]   ---* [redditor makes a voting website called fallon d'floor (mocking fifa ballon d'or) featuring the most shameful dives of the year, website is already being featured on fox sports and other sport chains.](/2pliu6)  * [cameramen in sydney siege don't know they're being streamed live to thousands. /r/australia captures some of their top notch banter.](/2pcmlf)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/collegebasketball** [[full report](/2pv5yj)]   ---* [he isn't in college anymore but still a great story. isaiah austin is now playable in nba 2k15!](/2plmht)  * [the older i get, the less i like dick vitale.](/2p8u1c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiracy** [[full report](/2pvazo)]   ---* [if only more people realized this.](/2pjymy)  * [here we go again "til cia torture..." deleted from top spot. perfect timing as us user-base wakes up (8am est).](/2p699s)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cyberlaws** [[full report](/2puz3t)]   ---* [attorney general downplays ties to mpaa... just as ny times reveals mpaa actually wrote the letter he sent google](/2plxj8)  * [federal court agrees with eff, throws out six weeks of warrantless video surveillance](/2pi18v)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/deepthoughts** [[full report](/2puyxa)]   ---* [congratulations, /r/deepthoughts has been featured on /r/tinysubredditoftheday!](/2pnru0)  * [one path to freedom, is to disown yourself.](/2p41w6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/documentaries** [[full report](/2pv227)]   ---* [secret state of north korea (2014) smuggled footage of everyday life in nk.](/2por5n)  * [forest man (2013) - india man single handedly plants a forest bigger than central park to save his island in the middle of a barren wasteland](/2p6eub)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/economics** [[full report](/2pv86c)]   ---* [44% of american adults will suffer from obesity by 2030. this is will have consequences on the us healthcare system](/2p9fp4)  * [russia raises interest rate to 17%](/2peo72)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/everythingscience** [[full report](/2pv5hw)]   ---* [last day at nasa.](/2p5bh2)  * [nasa rover finds active and ancient organic chemistry on mars](/2pi15o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitness** [[full report](/2pvf5l)]   ---* [new year's resolution time - here comes the flood of new gym goers!](/2pp6ci)  * [gym beginners, don't forget to take a before picture.](/2pa0wk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/food** [[full report](/2pvcoq)]   ---* [it's not delivery, it's homemade general tso's chicken!](/2pdeaj)  * [eggs benedict with crispy pork belly](/2pgyva)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/freekarma** [[full report](/2pv1ml)]   ---* [i was hoping i could get to 200 with the last few posts, it didn't happen, but that doesn't mean i don't still have love for the best sub.... thanks everybody!](/2p2qfg)  * [sad owl is sad. needs karma.](/2pcnsc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fullmoviesonyoutube** [[full report](/2pv1a5)]   ---* [requiem for a dream (2000) [240p]](/2p6xmh)  * [end of watch (2012) [720p]](/2pctk2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gaming** [[full report](/2pvgdz)]   ---* [witcher 3 panoramas](/2pegzu)  * [skyrim](/2p9xbr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewild** [[full report](/2pvbum)]   ---* [sexual tension really is such a pain, don't you agree? [f]](/2p0krl)  * [[f]irst album taken outside... hope all my neighbors arent working from home ;)](/2p3xip)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/history** [[full report](/2pv0mm)]   ---* [eisenhower farewell address (full) - he warned against the military/industrial complex and continuous, illegal wars](/2pfvli)  * [my father spent 40 years to build this database on condottieri and military warfare in italy during renaissance. since he is old and i would like to have his work recognized, i would like to ask for some suggestions to have his material translated in english](/2p9zxn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indiegaming** [[full report](/2puzf0)]   ---* [got drunk while playing transistor the other day and sent this email. when i woke up there was already a reply.](/2piwbh)  * [remember that game 'glorious leader' that was posted here a few months back? it now has a kickstarter](/2pomdn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/interestingasfuck** [[full report](/2pv38h)]   ---* [we got another rare lobster in at work. this time he's a 1 in 30 million calico lobster.](/2pkzml)  * [a perfect zombie proof shelter](/2p3160)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/kpop** [[full report](/2pv4o4)]   ---* [[news] ailee and f(x)s amber to star in their own reality show one fine day](/2pf8wy)  * [skrillex - dirty vibe (feat diplo, cl and g-dragon)](/2pdg07)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladybonersgw** [[full report](/2pv94c)]   ---* [definitely a grower!](/2po1mv)  * [[m] by request hope this will do :)](/2p6kaz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/law** [[full report](/2pv070)]   ---* [congress quietly bolsters nsa spying in intelligence bill: "'it grants the executive branch virtually unlimited access to the communications of every american,' warned rep. justin amash."](/2p2jeh)  * [former prosecutor claims he was fired for refusing to withhold exculpatory evidence.](/2ph477)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/leaves** [[full report](/2pv0yi)]   ---* [as a mum my heart breaks for you all.](/2po51u)  * [when the universe give you an opportunity, you don't smoke it away.](/2pkvrf)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/metacanada** [[full report](/2pv2e1)]   ---* [fuck the tar sands! uk prefers totally clean burning oil from respectable countries like algeria, nigeria, russia and the saudi arabia](/2phh6j)  * [uplizabeth if you're a monarchist](/2pfg8n)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nostupidquestions** [[full report](/2pva2q)]   ---* [why is everyone shocked about the cia torturing people? i thought they've been doing that for years.](/2pj9sc)  * [why is youtube so bad at recommending videos while google finds what i want instantly?](/2pofoz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sports** [[full report](/2pv6le)]   ---* [scottie pippen dunk on patrick ewing.](/2p39ci)  * [nhl player james neal gets fined $2,000 for 'diving'. he is the first player named and shamed under the nhls anti-diving push](/2poplt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/television** [[full report](/2pv78k)]   ---* [stephen colbert goes after 'papa bear' - "no ones going to pay me to watch him anymore, so fuck that noise"](/2phtut)  * [kevin malone's famous chili is, for me, the funniest/saddest moment ever on tv](/2pbyqi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thathappened** [[full report](/2pv445)]   ---* [young woman proves her worth and uses science to eliminate a fake human](/2pgyqv)  * [[meta] can we please enforce rule #4 about submission titles again?](/2p6ko6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thickchixxx** [[full report](/2puz9b)]   ---* [seaworld co-worker bending over her desk](/2pa2tb)  * [miss issy (dominican poison)](/2pe6oz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trees** [[full report](/2pveal)]   ---* [marijuana is officially legal on all native american lands. it's about damn time!](/2p0glq)  * [when you're a bowl in and get the munchies [x-post]](/2pgffk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
hi, i am trying to do something cool with marlone. my assumption is that marlone will be good either in mill druid or in really slow control druid.  http://i.imgur.com/lbktyq8.png   i am thinking about adding alextrasza because i don't have tree of life.http://www.hearthpwn.com/deckbuilder/druid#34:2;120:1;148:2;154:1;242:2;266:2;396:1;459:1;464:2;498:1;503:1;532:2;587:2;620:2;633:2;7726:2;12180:2;12219:1;12293:1++$++23
long story short, ill be in tahoe tonight.i have four (4) tickets to the upcoming game of the 49ers vs sd chargers.lower level seats:section 106row 33seats 10-11-12-13face value is $150/each, im looking to get $400 for all four (4)/oboi want them to go to a fan at least!++$++23
i've played world of tanks on and off for a long time, got to tier 7 using a laptop that got 8 fps and disconnected constantly. then i got a computer that can play on ultra low at around 40-50 fps and i got to tier 8 on a few lines. as you could imagine, my stats are utter garbage (but i am much better now) so i would like to start a new account. i plan on using the reddit invite code, and then after a 100 battles (per the recruiting program requirement) i plan on recruiting a friend that wishes to get into world of tanks. my question is, can he use the reddit invite code as well as be a recruit?tl;dr can you use an invite code along with a recruitment++$++16
he had no body to go with him!++$++23
looking at this gorgeous car, everything else is perfect. but it has 160k miles, how long can i realistically expect to enjoy this car before the tranny goes out?it wasnt pushed too hard on those 160k.++$++23
has anybody used oscar other places besides cm? did he work? would you reccomend others over him though?++$++20
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* congress again buys abrams tanks the army doesn't want, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pvrid/congress_again_buys_abrams_tanks_the_army_doesnt/)**  * sony blames cinemas for banning movie, says it will now try to release its comedy film about north korean leader kim jong-un - after president obama urged the firm not to bow to hackers' threats, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pvoyo/sony_blames_cinemas_for_banning_movie_says_it/)**  * teaching creationism makes kids less intelligent, says bill nye, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pwhbi/teaching_creationism_makes_kids_less_intelligent/)**  * hearing impaired child shocked when santa uses sign language, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pvsjo/hearing_impaired_child_shocked_when_santa_uses/)**  * major chicago study finds red light cameras not safer, cause more rear-end injuries -- "this entire program is strictly to generate revenue and always has been," alderman says, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pwnq5/major_chicago_study_finds_red_light_cameras_not/)**  * espn planning for success for the ndsu bison and sam huston game, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2px1s1/espn_planning_for_success_for_the_ndsu_bison_and/)**  * google lawsuit forces mpaa-backed attorney general to retreat, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pvuv5/google_lawsuit_forces_mpaabacked_attorney_general/)**  * judge: its ok for cops to create fake instagram accounts, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pxgiq/judge_its_ok_for_cops_to_create_fake_instagram/)**  * what is badbios, actually? and what's happening/happened over /r/badbios?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pva69/what_is_badbios_actually_and_whats/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about "sharex" - an open source program that lets you take screenshot or screencast with a single key and instantly upload them to over 40 different file hosting services, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pwpxs/ysk_about_sharex_an_open_source_program_that_lets/)**  * what is the effect of air pressure on melting point of water?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pwn1o/what_is_the_effect_of_air_pressure_on_melting/)**  * eli5: the millennial generation appears to be so much poorer than those of their parents. for most, ever owning a house seems unlikely, and even car ownership is much less common. what exactly happened to cause this?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pvx53/eli5_the_millennial_generation_appears_to_be_so/)**  * til in 1961 a little girl wrote to president kennedy concerned about the safety of santa claus amid soviet nuclear testing at the north pole. kennedy wrote back that he had spoken to santa and that he was fine., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pwmzi/til_in_1961_a_little_girl_wrote_to_president/)**  * peak break-up times on facebook, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pw0h8/peak_breakup_times_on_facebook/)**  * how to transfer a photo onto a slab of wood, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pux2g/how_to_transfer_a_photo_onto_a_slab_of_wood/)**  * does playing music on a phone at a louder volume drain the batteries faster than a softer volume?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pvzh3/does_playing_music_on_a_phone_at_a_louder_volume/)**  * lava!, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pvq4n/lava/)**  * the government of canada has just added three species to the list of wildlife at risk due to the continued threat of white nose syndrome which has killed over five million bats. [x-post from /r/batfacts], *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pwhyb/the_government_of_canada_has_just_added_three/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: you can use old gift cards with low money on them as a credit card to get free trials for online sites such as hulu and netlflix., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pwdjj/lpt_you_can_use_old_gift_cards_with_low_money_on/)**  * why can my dad still kick my ass at arm wrestling?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pwo7k/why_can_my_dad_still_kick_my_ass_at_arm_wrestling/)**  * there is no meaning to life. [image], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2px6dq/there_is_no_meaning_to_life_image/)**  * fixed the best knife sharpener in the world!!! you already have it!!!!, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pvx08/fixed_the_best_knife_sharpener_in_the_world_you/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* ibuprofen use leads to extended lifespan in several species, study shows, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pvrnr/ibuprofen_use_leads_to_extended_lifespan_in/)**  * science in the spotlight as new york state bans fracking. it is a great example of science trumping politics,, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pw56a/science_in_the_spotlight_as_new_york_state_bans/)**  * full disk, true-color image of earth taken by himawari-8, the japanese weather satellite launched on oct. 7, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pw2n0/full_disk_truecolor_image_of_earth_taken_by/)**  * looking for some good physics documentaries/movies to watch., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2puufh/looking_for_some_good_physics_documentariesmovies/)**  * my girlfriend and i exchanged presents last night and this is what she wrapped my presents in., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pwkwf/my_girlfriend_and_i_exchanged_presents_last_night/)**  * the cheapest generation: why millennials arent buying cars or houses, and what that means for the economy, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pv86d/the_cheapest_generation_why_millennials_arent/)**  * atlantropa, the 1920s german plan to dam the mediterrenean (2100 x 2542), *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pvqcc/atlantropa_the_1920s_german_plan_to_dam_the/)**  * armv7 vs x86-64: pathfinding benchmark of c++, d, go, nim, ocaml, and more., *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pvf68/armv7_vs_x8664_pathfinding_benchmark_of_c_d_go/)**  * gentoo's bash scripting guide/cheat sheet. comprehensive and concise., *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pvvsc/gentoos_bash_scripting_guidecheat_sheet/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* those who have had a relationship break up after 5+ years, why? why did it work for so long and then suddenly just...not?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pw3hd/those_who_have_had_a_relationship_break_up_after/)**  * [ama request] daniel quinn, author of ishmael, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pvww7/ama_request_daniel_quinn_author_of_ishmael/)**  * i'm an 18 year old canadian guy who just finished backpacking solo across southeast asia. right now i'm currently in the middle of a 14 hour layover on my journey back home, ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pvz2i/im_an_18_year_old_canadian_guy_who_just_finished/)**  * users in /r/videos get bent out of shape over whether chiropractic is pseudoscience. one chiropractor bends over backwards to prove them all wrong., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pvtkw/users_in_rvideos_get_bent_out_of_shape_over/)**  * people of /r/wtf and /r/creepy vs. supermotility for karmawhoring.exe and liarliarpantsonfire.gif, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2pv9f6/people_of_rwtf_and_rcreepy_vs_supermotility_for/)**  * /u/neohellpoet: we are all extremely lucky, but everyone has the right to complain, regardless of wealth., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pvufi/uneohellpoet_we_are_all_extremely_lucky_but/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pvd3t) /r/pyongyang, /r/ps4, /r/bettercallsaul, /r/murica, /r/fuckkimjongun  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* 500 nations (1995) - an exploration of the various native american nations and their fall to the european conquerors., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2pwf3k/500_nations_1995_an_exploration_of_the_various/)**  * if i - demetri martin (2003) [360p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pvqif/if_i_demetri_martin_2003_360p/)**  * artwork inspired by the movies of wes anderson, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pw5sq/artwork_inspired_by_the_movies_of_wes_anderson/)**  * study links drinking while pregnant to being at kid rock concert | the onion - america's finest news source, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pwdwj/study_links_drinking_while_pregnant_to_being_at/)**  * kishi bashi - the ballad of mr steak [electronic/indie] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pvavy/kishi_bashi_the_ballad_of_mr_steak/)**  * a website that randomly generates alphabets, names, mottoes, laws, constellations, characters, and more for a story, rpg, or anything, really., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pwimw/a_website_that_randomly_generates_alphabets_names/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* tiger enjoying hot spring, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pwnxx/tiger_enjoying_hot_spring/)**  * croatia has some of the most beautiful waterfalls in the world (krka national park) [oc] [2736 x 2022], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pvp04/croatia_has_some_of_the_most_beautiful_waterfalls/)**  * guess who had me for reddit secret santa, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pw9wf/guess_who_had_me_for_reddit_secret_santa/)**  * full disk, true-color image of earth taken by himawari-8, the japanese weather satellite launched in october. [2750x2750], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pw3as/full_disk_truecolor_image_of_earth_taken_by/)**  * moods of norway by rune askeland [1350x827], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pw2j8/moods_of_norway_by_rune_askeland_1350x827/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* "i thought you were dead.", *from /r/thewalkingdeadgame* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/thewalkingdeadgame/comments/2pvb3c/i_thought_you_were_dead/)**  * random girl tries to get me to sext with her., *from /r/creepypms* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/creepypms/comments/2pwvdo/random_girl_tries_to_get_me_to_sext_with_her/)**  * questions, *from /r/testpackpleaseignore* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/testpackpleaseignore/comments/2pxctt/questions/)**  * can you be paralyzed from the legs up?, *from /r/shittyaskscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shittyaskscience/comments/2pwtd4/can_you_be_paralyzed_from_the_legs_up/)**  * i'm not gonna lie this one made me piss myself brown, *from /r/redditarmie* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditarmie/comments/2pwwxk/im_not_gonna_lie_this_one_made_me_piss_myself/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* humans are originally from mars, but after using up all its resources and destroying the atmosphere, scientists launched a vessel containing basic genetic material to start a new world into space. this vessel was the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pvy7q/humans_are_originally_from_mars_but_after_using/)**  * sony should project the interview to the moon so north koreans can see it, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pwltm/sony_should_project_the_interview_to_the_moon_so/)**  * if you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. what isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us. - hermann hesse, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pw16z/if_you_hate_a_person_you_hate_something_in_him/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* congress again buys abrams tanks the army doesn't want, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2pvrid/congress_again_buys_abrams_tanks_the_army_doesnt/)**  * sony blames cinemas for banning movie, says it will now try to release its comedy film about north korean leader kim jong-un - after president obama urged the firm not to bow to hackers' threats, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pvoyo/sony_blames_cinemas_for_banning_movie_says_it/)**  * teaching creationism makes kids less intelligent, says bill nye, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pwhbi/teaching_creationism_makes_kids_less_intelligent/)**  * hearing impaired child shocked when santa uses sign language, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2pvsjo/hearing_impaired_child_shocked_when_santa_uses/)**  * major chicago study finds red light cameras not safer, cause more rear-end injuries -- "this entire program is strictly to generate revenue and always has been," alderman says, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pwnq5/major_chicago_study_finds_red_light_cameras_not/)**  * espn planning for success for the ndsu bison and sam huston game, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2px1s1/espn_planning_for_success_for_the_ndsu_bison_and/)**  * google lawsuit forces mpaa-backed attorney general to retreat, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2pvuv5/google_lawsuit_forces_mpaabacked_attorney_general/)**  * judge: its ok for cops to create fake instagram accounts, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pxgiq/judge_its_ok_for_cops_to_create_fake_instagram/)**  * what is badbios, actually? and what's happening/happened over /r/badbios?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pva69/what_is_badbios_actually_and_whats/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about "sharex" - an open source program that lets you take screenshot or screencast with a single key and instantly upload them to over 40 different file hosting services, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pwpxs/ysk_about_sharex_an_open_source_program_that_lets/)**  * what is the effect of air pressure on melting point of water?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pwn1o/what_is_the_effect_of_air_pressure_on_melting/)**  * eli5: the millennial generation appears to be so much poorer than those of their parents. for most, ever owning a house seems unlikely, and even car ownership is much less common. what exactly happened to cause this?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2pvx53/eli5_the_millennial_generation_appears_to_be_so/)**  * til in 1961 a little girl wrote to president kennedy concerned about the safety of santa claus amid soviet nuclear testing at the north pole. kennedy wrote back that he had spoken to santa and that he was fine., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pwmzi/til_in_1961_a_little_girl_wrote_to_president/)**  * peak break-up times on facebook, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pw0h8/peak_breakup_times_on_facebook/)**  * how to transfer a photo onto a slab of wood, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2pux2g/how_to_transfer_a_photo_onto_a_slab_of_wood/)**  * does playing music on a phone at a louder volume drain the batteries faster than a softer volume?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2pvzh3/does_playing_music_on_a_phone_at_a_louder_volume/)**  * lava!, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pvq4n/lava/)**  * the government of canada has just added three species to the list of wildlife at risk due to the continued threat of white nose syndrome which has killed over five million bats. [x-post from /r/batfacts], *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pwhyb/the_government_of_canada_has_just_added_three/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: you can use old gift cards with low money on them as a credit card to get free trials for online sites such as hulu and netlflix., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pwdjj/lpt_you_can_use_old_gift_cards_with_low_money_on/)**  * why can my dad still kick my ass at arm wrestling?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pwo7k/why_can_my_dad_still_kick_my_ass_at_arm_wrestling/)**  * there is no meaning to life. [image], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2px6dq/there_is_no_meaning_to_life_image/)**  * fixed the best knife sharpener in the world!!! you already have it!!!!, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pvx08/fixed_the_best_knife_sharpener_in_the_world_you/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* ibuprofen use leads to extended lifespan in several species, study shows, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pvrnr/ibuprofen_use_leads_to_extended_lifespan_in/)**  * science in the spotlight as new york state bans fracking. it is a great example of science trumping politics,, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pw56a/science_in_the_spotlight_as_new_york_state_bans/)**  * full disk, true-color image of earth taken by himawari-8, the japanese weather satellite launched on oct. 7, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pw2n0/full_disk_truecolor_image_of_earth_taken_by/)**  * looking for some good physics documentaries/movies to watch., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2puufh/looking_for_some_good_physics_documentariesmovies/)**  * my girlfriend and i exchanged presents last night and this is what she wrapped my presents in., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pwkwf/my_girlfriend_and_i_exchanged_presents_last_night/)**  * the cheapest generation: why millennials arent buying cars or houses, and what that means for the economy, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pv86d/the_cheapest_generation_why_millennials_arent/)**  * atlantropa, the 1920s german plan to dam the mediterrenean (2100 x 2542), *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pvqcc/atlantropa_the_1920s_german_plan_to_dam_the/)**  * armv7 vs x86-64: pathfinding benchmark of c++, d, go, nim, ocaml, and more., *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pvf68/armv7_vs_x8664_pathfinding_benchmark_of_c_d_go/)**  * gentoo's bash scripting guide/cheat sheet. comprehensive and concise., *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pvvsc/gentoos_bash_scripting_guidecheat_sheet/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* those who have had a relationship break up after 5+ years, why? why did it work for so long and then suddenly just...not?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pw3hd/those_who_have_had_a_relationship_break_up_after/)**  * [ama request] daniel quinn, author of ishmael, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pvww7/ama_request_daniel_quinn_author_of_ishmael/)**  * i'm an 18 year old canadian guy who just finished backpacking solo across southeast asia. right now i'm currently in the middle of a 14 hour layover on my journey back home, ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pvz2i/im_an_18_year_old_canadian_guy_who_just_finished/)**  * users in /r/videos get bent out of shape over whether chiropractic is pseudoscience. one chiropractor bends over backwards to prove them all wrong., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pvtkw/users_in_rvideos_get_bent_out_of_shape_over/)**  * people of /r/wtf and /r/creepy vs. supermotility for karmawhoring.exe and liarliarpantsonfire.gif, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2pv9f6/people_of_rwtf_and_rcreepy_vs_supermotility_for/)**  * /u/neohellpoet: we are all extremely lucky, but everyone has the right to complain, regardless of wealth., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pvufi/uneohellpoet_we_are_all_extremely_lucky_but/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pvd3t) /r/pyongyang, /r/ps4, /r/bettercallsaul, /r/murica, /r/fuckkimjongun  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* 500 nations (1995) - an exploration of the various native american nations and their fall to the european conquerors., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2pwf3k/500_nations_1995_an_exploration_of_the_various/)**  * if i - demetri martin (2003) [360p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pvqif/if_i_demetri_martin_2003_360p/)**  * artwork inspired by the movies of wes anderson, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pw5sq/artwork_inspired_by_the_movies_of_wes_anderson/)**  * study links drinking while pregnant to being at kid rock concert | the onion - america's finest news source, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pwdwj/study_links_drinking_while_pregnant_to_being_at/)**  * kishi bashi - the ballad of mr steak [electronic/indie] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pvavy/kishi_bashi_the_ballad_of_mr_steak/)**  * a website that randomly generates alphabets, names, mottoes, laws, constellations, characters, and more for a story, rpg, or anything, really., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pwimw/a_website_that_randomly_generates_alphabets_names/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* tiger enjoying hot spring, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pwnxx/tiger_enjoying_hot_spring/)**  * croatia has some of the most beautiful waterfalls in the world (krka national park) [oc] [2736 x 2022], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pvp04/croatia_has_some_of_the_most_beautiful_waterfalls/)**  * guess who had me for reddit secret santa, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pw9wf/guess_who_had_me_for_reddit_secret_santa/)**  * full disk, true-color image of earth taken by himawari-8, the japanese weather satellite launched in october. [2750x2750], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pw3as/full_disk_truecolor_image_of_earth_taken_by/)**  * moods of norway by rune askeland [1350x827], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pw2j8/moods_of_norway_by_rune_askeland_1350x827/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* "i thought you were dead.", *from /r/thewalkingdeadgame* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/thewalkingdeadgame/comments/2pvb3c/i_thought_you_were_dead/)**  * random girl tries to get me to sext with her., *from /r/creepypms* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/creepypms/comments/2pwvdo/random_girl_tries_to_get_me_to_sext_with_her/)**  * questions, *from /r/testpackpleaseignore* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/testpackpleaseignore/comments/2pxctt/questions/)**  * can you be paralyzed from the legs up?, *from /r/shittyaskscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shittyaskscience/comments/2pwtd4/can_you_be_paralyzed_from_the_legs_up/)**  * i'm not gonna lie this one made me piss myself brown, *from /r/redditarmie* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditarmie/comments/2pwwxk/im_not_gonna_lie_this_one_made_me_piss_myself/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* humans are originally from mars, but after using up all its resources and destroying the atmosphere, scientists launched a vessel containing basic genetic material to start a new world into space. this vessel was the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pvy7q/humans_are_originally_from_mars_but_after_using/)**  * sony should project the interview to the moon so north koreans can see it, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pwltm/sony_should_project_the_interview_to_the_moon_so/)**  * if you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. what isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us. - hermann hesse, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pw16z/if_you_hate_a_person_you_hate_something_in_him/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on sunday.  **report period:**   saturday, december 13, 2014 through friday, december 19, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adultswim** [[full report](/2py71u)]   ---* [official unedited footage of a bear. airs again tonight at 4am est](/2phoml)  * [uhhhhhh... ok....so this is happening...](/2p9t29)  * [first time sketching aqua teen](/2pnv0k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/android** [[full report](/2pyd1v)]   ---* [samsung couldnt build a good os if they tried says cyanogen ceo at yureka smartphone launch](/2pp9ol)  * [monument valley's final level set not coming to android version. "its hard for us to prioritise android when theres nine times more ios players."](/2pcyhx)  * [oneplus announced a 10000mah powerbank that will cost $15](/2pkgdv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/atheism** [[full report](/2pyimh)]   ---* [after children die from fires, virginia governor announces all daycares that get subsidies must be licensed and be inspected: no more religious exemptions](/2pl2dv)  * [mother thanks honda, not god, for saving her son from a serious accident.](/2p8y3i)  * [thanks to l.a.'s anti-vaxxer parents, whooping cough cases explode to 70-year high](/2pf2cn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bacon** [[full report](/2py6w7)]   ---* [why christianity is superior](/2pq9d6)  * [the only thing i want to see on sunday morning](/2pa164)  * [today i made my annual batch of peppermint bacon bark.](/2pezrz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/changemyview** [[full report](/2pyal1)]   ---* [cmv: most posts to cmv are a bid to be heard, not a request to "change my view"](/2pimzj)  * [cmv: caffeine content of beverages should have to clearly displayed on the front of the bottle like alcohol content on beer, wine, and spirits.](/2p9x2r)  * [cmv: that people who opt out of being an organ donor on their drivers licence should not be eligible to receive organs, or at least put at the 'bottom of the list'.](/2p6kjb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/diy** [[full report](/2pyc9y)]   ---* [after 1.5 years, i can see the end! just trim left!](/2pp260)  * [i made retro game consoles for christmas presents.](/2pfkjn)  * [edge-lit orangered display i made this weekend lets me know when i get a message on reddit (xpost /r/somethingimade)](/2ph3u5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/earthporn** [[full report](/2pye0m)]   ---* [i just spent 5 days in the alabama hills, ca. finally last night, the clouds cleared enough for me to capture this moment. [oc] [7360 x 4907]](/2pexpp)  * [fire on ice!! photographed by pai shaka in iceland. [1800 x 1054] [os]](/2p9fym)  * [the bend in oregon [1998x1331] oc](/2pjumu)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/foreveralonebots** [[full report](/2py6rw)]   ---* [thank you](/2pb9ce)  * [mega man (nes) (teens react: retro gaming)](/2pa0nl)  * [how to make mince pies](/2pime2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gadgets** [[full report](/2py7q6)]   ---* [teenagers develop 3d printed wristband that pauses and records live tv when you fall asleep](/2pogjw)  * [lg will demo a 55-inch 8k tv at ces 2015 to gauge interest](/2p64hw)  * [[consumer warning] lg 55ub8500 not as visually advertised](/2pdrun)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/globalpowers** [[full report](/2py9hu)]   ---* [[crisis] anonymous launches cyber attacks against oceania!](/2p6de7)  * [[crisis] protests and strikes hit oceania](/2pd4ho)  * [[meta] anyone looking for a second in command?](/2pch39)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladyboners** [[full report](/2pya4m)]   ---* [chris evans' reaction to seeing a baby is so cute i can hardly stand it! warning!: viewing this post may result in pregnancy.](/2p93mr)  * [jason momoa (khal drogo) stopping to ask you for directions. holy arms, batman.](/2pjonm)  * [andy samberg anyone?](/2pgp2s)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/listentothis** [[full report](/2pygss)]   ---* [souls of mischief - 93 'til infinity [hip hop] (1993)](/2p5kaz)  * [jinsang - summer's day. version 2 [smooth jazz] a fantastic remix of the spirited away theme track. i highly recommend for any fan of the movie](/2p707m)  * [garth marenghi - i'm a one track lover [pop] 1985](/2prypi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mildlyinteresting** [[full report](/2pyjjh)]   ---* [this product was not translated into french and spanish](/2pl5be)  * [wife's grandmother gave us an unopened box of kraft dinner that expired 40 years ago...](/2paywp)  * [saw a porsche in the bottom of a delta commercial flight](/2p8avp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/movies** [[full report](/2pyl3b)]   ---* [alamo drafthouse cinema replaces the interview with special 10th anniversary screen in of team america](/2pmm98)  * [its official: sony scraps the interview](/2pmasy)  * [screenwriter of the interview: "comedians shouldnt be held accountable for acts of violence  and those we satirize shouldnt be silenced.... if all countries made satirical movies about each other, and that was the only way we all fought  what a great world wed live in"](/2pok4b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/outoftheloop** [[full report](/2py9aa)]   ---* [what does "f" mean (in the context of a redditor who has died).](/2pp5mz)  * [when did chris brown make a "comeback"? did everyone forget that he beat rihanna up?](/2pmjxm)  * [so is the pirate bay not gonna come back?](/2p8asq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/personalfinance** [[full report](/2pyhnw)]   ---* [burned through my $2000 savings account, no income, can't find work. bills piling up. what do i do before i put a bullet in my brain?](/2ptgo2)  * [i'm 75 years old and just suddenly got 400,000$ left to me. let's be vicarious.](/2p8e24)  * [todays dilbert comic is something we can all get behind!](/2pgq20)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotesporn** [[full report](/2py7f0)]   ---* ["what is love ?" brian andreas [500x669]](/2plqsn)  * ["my reasoning for not having kids..." - mike rowe [1024x768]](/2pdqen)  * ["the man on top..." - vince lombardi [736x840]](/2p9opu)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stocks** [[full report](/2py86e)]   ---* [new york teen made $72m trading stocks on his lunch breaks](/2p9p40)  * [new york teen did not make $72m?](/2pdsf0)  * [teen admits $72 million stock gains all fake: report](/2pg5ez)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theydidthemath** [[full report](/2py8pa)]   ---* [[off-site]answer to an 8-year-old that asks: if we pour water on the sun with a bucket as big as the sun, will the sun be extinguished?](/2parvw)  * [[request] how fast would the shutter speed have to be to freeze the blue angels in this shot?](/2ptbb1)  * [[request] how many balls of chocolate did they need to make this tree?](/2pr3eh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/videos** [[full report](/2pymz9)]   ---* [giant tortoise rescues overturned comrade](/2pdz9y)  * [dad will always be there](/2pldgg)  * [thug kid at a magic camp x-post /r/unexpectedthuglife](/2p5d0d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wanttobelieve** [[full report](/2py78u)]   ---* [alcatraz escapees 'may have survived'](/2pgzwg)  * [the near death experience of m. joseph - he glimpsed two possible futures, plus heaven and hell](/2p6arg)  * [these 7 mysterious photos have never been explained... and probably never will be](/2psg8a)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/woahdude** [[full report](/2pyezk)]   ---* [trees being swallowed up by an underwater sinkhole](/2pddv0)  * [long exposure of a merry-go-round](/2pajeo)  * [curvy road into a bridge](/2poj8n)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/writingprompts** [[full report](/2pyfyo)]   ---* [[ot] my gift to /r/writingprompts : i made an extension that makes reading stories here a breeze](/2pgya6)  * [[wp] you live in a city full of people with powers (telekinesis, electro kinesis, sensors, etc) and everyone is ranked according to how powerful they but they can kill someone of higher rank and obtain their rank. you are rank #1 but no one knows what your power is](/2ppg8d)  * [[wp] on the day you turn 18 everyone is given the first words that their soulmate will speak to them. when you receive yours it says simply "welcome to starbucks. can i take your order?"](/2pnil9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4ftxkqmnpy&amp;feature=youtu.be++$++15
i just feel like that there could be a rich story behind this. that we could find parts of the story all around chernarus,like left over letters from scientists,some diaries in heli crash sites, etc.++$++16
when i click on "buy pack" it won't let me buy them. nothing happens.++$++20
http://i.imgur.com/iorwaxr.jpg++$++23
i came to this game really late (only this year), but it's one of the best pc games i've ever played. it's essentially a puzzle game with a very well designed learning curve, a nice history, good graphics, and a great side-kick hilariously voiced by stephen merchant. seriously, he's absolutely fantastic in it.[and here's a direct link to the game if you want to buy it](http://store.steampowered.com/app/620/).just in case, i'm not in any way associated with portal 2, steam or any other party involved. i just wanted to share this thinking that some people would like to access some more content from stephen. i'm also not earning any money, those links aren't referral.enjoy!edit: removed video of stephen talking about his participation in portal 2, because it contained unannounced spoilers. it actually spoiled something for me. for fucks sake.++$++30
so he saw me watching jojo's bizarre adventure not so long ago and made a joke saying that it's what "any self respecting 10 year old would watch." it embarrassed me a bit. last night, i stayed up late watching akira for the second time on toonami. i then got the idea that maybe he would like it too. so tonight, i got him to watch it with me. the movie is incredibly slow paced but it's pretty interesting.to my surprise, he stayed awake the whole time and actually said it was interesting. he's never said that about an animated show/film before, so i was pretty shocked. i think this may have changed his opinion that anime is only for kids. it makes me happy.++$++17
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* report: yankees to pay for education of slain nypd officer's children, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2q09z9/report_yankees_to_pay_for_education_of_slain_nypd/)**  * an unexplained drone has been spotted flying over a belgium nuclear facility, a day after one of the plant's reactors came back on line after a four-month closure caused by sabotage. around 20 unidentified drones have been spotted over nuclear plants since october throughout france., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pyded/an_unexplained_drone_has_been_spotted_flying_over/)**  * in the rush to blame everyone for the shooting of nypd cops, don't forget to include the actual shooter, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pzph1/in_the_rush_to_blame_everyone_for_the_shooting_of/)**  * this couple thought they adopted a mini-pig, but it grew up into 670 pounds of cuteness. they decided to dedicate their lives to opening an animal sanctuary, and have raised $440,225 to get started!, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2py6pi/this_couple_thought_they_adopted_a_minipig_but_it/)**  * facebook blocks russian page supporting alexei navalny, the most prominent critic of putin, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pyv0k/facebook_blocks_russian_page_supporting_alexei/)**  * great carrot placement by fox announcer's christmas sweater, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2pzup1/great_carrot_placement_by_fox_announcers/)**  * 5 years removed from law school, still without an actual job. tried everything; at a loss..., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q0935/5_years_removed_from_law_school_still_without_an/)**  * this tiny legal tweak by the fcc could change the way you watch tv and get online, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pyw86/this_tiny_legal_tweak_by_the_fcc_could_change_the/)**  * what's with the beef between iggy azalea and azealia banks (and the whole anonymous hacking iggy thing)???, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pyrwn/whats_with_the_beef_between_iggy_azalea_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk if you want to send a gift to a redditor that didn't get anything for secret santa you can still sign up as a rematcher, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pz4bb/ysk_if_you_want_to_send_a_gift_to_a_redditor_that/)**  * how does the candle relighting trick work? the one where you light the smoke trail?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pyvqj/how_does_the_candle_relighting_trick_work_the_one/)**  * eli5: why are some subreddits private? and how do you gain access to these subs?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q04qk/eli5_why_are_some_subreddits_private_and_how_do/)**  * til that in the 1920's, the ford motor company produced so much factory wood waste that they manufactured it into charcoal and sold it under the name ford charcoal. the company was later renamed to kingsford charcoal., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pz03m/til_that_in_the_1920s_the_ford_motor_company/)**  * a statistical analysis of 142 million reddit submissions, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pyeej/a_statistical_analysis_of_142_million_reddit/)**  * how to make rum, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2q04ss/how_to_make_rum/)**  * what are these images called and how do you make them?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2py21r/what_are_these_images_called_and_how_do_you_make/)**  * vortex cannon, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pzaka/vortex_cannon/)**  * a ragged tooth shark may grow and lose up to 30,000 teeth in a lifetime. it can lose a lot of teeth, but it can grow them very quickly throughout its lifetime., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pznbc/a_ragged_tooth_shark_may_grow_and_lose_up_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt:if in an area with no mobile reception but wifi, turn on flight mode, then wifi back on to save battery life., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pz0py/lptif_in_an_area_with_no_mobile_reception_but/)**  * billionaire says he will live 120 years because he eats no sugar and takes hormones, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pz9vv/billionaire_says_he_will_live_120_years_because/)**  * [image] inspiring sketchbook, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pz2jf/image_inspiring_sketchbook/)**  * [request] how to fix the light coming into my bedroom windows?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pz0ao/request_how_to_fix_the_light_coming_into_my/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* first direct evidence that a mysterious phase of matter competes with high-temperature superconductivity, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pykno/first_direct_evidence_that_a_mysterious_phase_of/)**  * first of new generation of cancer drugs granted european approval: a new drug for ovarian cancer becomes the first of new class of drugs, known as parp-inhibitors, to be granted approval anywhere in the world. the drug, lynparza, has been granted marketing authorisation from the ec, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pyz05/first_of_new_generation_of_cancer_drugs_granted/)**  * jupiter as seen from my backyard, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pzlyw/jupiter_as_seen_from_my_backyard/)**  * first direct evidence that a mysterious phase of matter competes with high-temperature superconductivity -- sciencedaily, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pz1gs/first_direct_evidence_that_a_mysterious_phase_of/)**  * today is the winter solstice, the sun will shine directly on these tropic of capricorn markers around the world, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pzezq/today_is_the_winter_solstice_the_sun_will_shine/)**  * a pair of 3d-printed legs has sent a dog, born without front limbs, on his first ever run down a street. this video features the disabled animal happily sprinting into a normal dogs life, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pyb6i/a_pair_of_3dprinted_legs_has_sent_a_dog_born/)**  * agricultural land use in france [oc] [1266x1297], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pyu1l/agricultural_land_use_in_france_oc_1266x1297/)**  * the tribler "decentralized bittorrent" software's crypto is completely broken, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pzg2i/the_tribler_decentralized_bittorrent_softwares/)**  * i made a video on linux using foss tools. what do you think?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pzhlb/i_made_a_video_on_linux_using_foss_tools_what_do/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious] africans of reddit: what country are you from and what is something i should know about that country?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pytga/serious_africans_of_reddit_what_country_are_you/)**  * hey reddit! norman reedus here. you guys may know me as daryl dixon from amc's the walking dead. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pzrj8/hey_reddit_norman_reedus_here_you_guys_may_know/)**  * i am having a garage sale that no one is coming to ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pz5ny/i_am_having_a_garage_sale_that_no_one_is_coming/)**  * vegan shows up to a thread in /r/shittyfoodporn. it starts out calmly enough, but before long devolves into "you kill shit for your eating pleasure. and you raise your children to kill shit for fun and pleasure like a slag of bologna eaters. you're fucked up.", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pz9ak/vegan_shows_up_to_a_thread_in_rshittyfoodporn_it/)**  * redditor does the research behind the sony pictures hacking scandal., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pzsju/redditor_does_the_research_behind_the_sony/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pyl1k) /r/instantbarbarians, /r/thelastairbender, /r/awfulcommercials, /r/unexpectedraptor, /r/savagegarden  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* counterfeiting (2013) - a documentary on the business of counterfeits and knock-offs, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2q0gr0/counterfeiting_2013_a_documentary_on_the_business/)**  * sweeney todd: the demon barber of fleet street (2007) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pytde/sweeney_todd_the_demon_barber_of_fleet_street/)**  * gone girl (2014) 720p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2pz3cy/gone_girl_2014_720p/)**  * new image from the man from u.n.c.l.e. starring henry cavill and armie hammer, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pzm7s/new_image_from_the_man_from_uncle_starring_henry/)**  * coheed and cambria - the crowing [prog rock] - [6:39], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pz94m/coheed_and_cambria_the_crowing_prog_rock_639/)**  * [discussion] what albums out there are single flowing continuous mixes with no discernible track divisions? examples inside., *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pytiv/discussion_what_albums_out_there_are_single/)**  * make music by clicking dots., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pzf0o/make_music_by_clicking_dots/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* back when my yogi bear was merely a cub... or puppy. hard to tell with those paws., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pz8lo/back_when_my_yogi_bear_was_merely_a_cub_or_puppy/)**  * i'm 6'5 and squeezed my self into a 3 1/2 foot tall cave to take this picture at el matador state beach, ca. [oc] [7108 x 4739], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pzevo/im_65_and_squeezed_my_self_into_a_3_12_foot_tall/)**  * raw copper crystal, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pz1jt/raw_copper_crystal/)**  * fireball over banff rundle mountain by brett abernethy [2048x1365], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pz0zu/fireball_over_banff_rundle_mountain_by_brett/)**  * noctilucent clouds, by martin koitme [1280x851], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pyfh1/noctilucent_clouds_by_martin_koitme_1280x851/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* one of my oldest, dearest friends just gave me this is a christmas present. i'm absolutely speechless., *from /r/queen* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/queen/comments/2pzh18/one_of_my_oldest_dearest_friends_just_gave_me/)**  * add your r'lyeh review...let's help make this a top vacation destination for cultists world-wide!, *from /r/cthulhu* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cthulhu/comments/2pzgg5/add_your_rlyeh_reviewlets_help_make_this_a_top/)**  * tired of being ripped off by shaw? switch to lightspeed and get much more for less $$., *from /r/britishcolumbia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/britishcolumbia/comments/2q0g44/tired_of_being_ripped_off_by_shaw_switch_to/)**  * you know who else likes student activities &amp;amp; involvement?, *from /r/regularshow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/regularshow/comments/2pzni8/you_know_who_else_likes_student_activities/)**  * raising tower bridge awareness, *from /r/london* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/2pybba/raising_tower_bridge_awareness/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* starbucks should have a line for everybody who wants their venti triple half-caf soy mochas with no whip, and separate line for people who want a cup of coffee., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pza0d/starbucks_should_have_a_line_for_everybody_who/)**  * instead holding hands with with children, have soccer players walk on to the pitch holding hands with chimpanzees., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pz9pc/instead_holding_hands_with_with_children_have/)**  * "when i was young, i observed that nine out of ten things i did were failures. so i did ten times more work." - george bernard shaw, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pz84q/when_i_was_young_i_observed_that_nine_out_of_ten/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* report: yankees to pay for education of slain nypd officer's children, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2q09z9/report_yankees_to_pay_for_education_of_slain_nypd/)**  * an unexplained drone has been spotted flying over a belgium nuclear facility, a day after one of the plant's reactors came back on line after a four-month closure caused by sabotage. around 20 unidentified drones have been spotted over nuclear plants since october throughout france., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2pyded/an_unexplained_drone_has_been_spotted_flying_over/)**  * in the rush to blame everyone for the shooting of nypd cops, don't forget to include the actual shooter, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2pzph1/in_the_rush_to_blame_everyone_for_the_shooting_of/)**  * this couple thought they adopted a mini-pig, but it grew up into 670 pounds of cuteness. they decided to dedicate their lives to opening an animal sanctuary, and have raised $440,225 to get started!, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2py6pi/this_couple_thought_they_adopted_a_minipig_but_it/)**  * facebook blocks russian page supporting alexei navalny, the most prominent critic of putin, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2pyv0k/facebook_blocks_russian_page_supporting_alexei/)**  * great carrot placement by fox announcer's christmas sweater, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2pzup1/great_carrot_placement_by_fox_announcers/)**  * 5 years removed from law school, still without an actual job. tried everything; at a loss..., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q0935/5_years_removed_from_law_school_still_without_an/)**  * this tiny legal tweak by the fcc could change the way you watch tv and get online, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2pyw86/this_tiny_legal_tweak_by_the_fcc_could_change_the/)**  * what's with the beef between iggy azalea and azealia banks (and the whole anonymous hacking iggy thing)???, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2pyrwn/whats_with_the_beef_between_iggy_azalea_and/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk if you want to send a gift to a redditor that didn't get anything for secret santa you can still sign up as a rematcher, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2pz4bb/ysk_if_you_want_to_send_a_gift_to_a_redditor_that/)**  * how does the candle relighting trick work? the one where you light the smoke trail?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2pyvqj/how_does_the_candle_relighting_trick_work_the_one/)**  * eli5: why are some subreddits private? and how do you gain access to these subs?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q04qk/eli5_why_are_some_subreddits_private_and_how_do/)**  * til that in the 1920's, the ford motor company produced so much factory wood waste that they manufactured it into charcoal and sold it under the name ford charcoal. the company was later renamed to kingsford charcoal., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2pz03m/til_that_in_the_1920s_the_ford_motor_company/)**  * a statistical analysis of 142 million reddit submissions, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2pyeej/a_statistical_analysis_of_142_million_reddit/)**  * how to make rum, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2q04ss/how_to_make_rum/)**  * what are these images called and how do you make them?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2py21r/what_are_these_images_called_and_how_do_you_make/)**  * vortex cannon, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2pzaka/vortex_cannon/)**  * a ragged tooth shark may grow and lose up to 30,000 teeth in a lifetime. it can lose a lot of teeth, but it can grow them very quickly throughout its lifetime., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2pznbc/a_ragged_tooth_shark_may_grow_and_lose_up_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt:if in an area with no mobile reception but wifi, turn on flight mode, then wifi back on to save battery life., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2pz0py/lptif_in_an_area_with_no_mobile_reception_but/)**  * billionaire says he will live 120 years because he eats no sugar and takes hormones, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2pz9vv/billionaire_says_he_will_live_120_years_because/)**  * [image] inspiring sketchbook, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2pz2jf/image_inspiring_sketchbook/)**  * [request] how to fix the light coming into my bedroom windows?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2pz0ao/request_how_to_fix_the_light_coming_into_my/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* first direct evidence that a mysterious phase of matter competes with high-temperature superconductivity, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2pykno/first_direct_evidence_that_a_mysterious_phase_of/)**  * first of new generation of cancer drugs granted european approval: a new drug for ovarian cancer becomes the first of new class of drugs, known as parp-inhibitors, to be granted approval anywhere in the world. the drug, lynparza, has been granted marketing authorisation from the ec, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2pyz05/first_of_new_generation_of_cancer_drugs_granted/)**  * jupiter as seen from my backyard, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2pzlyw/jupiter_as_seen_from_my_backyard/)**  * first direct evidence that a mysterious phase of matter competes with high-temperature superconductivity -- sciencedaily, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2pz1gs/first_direct_evidence_that_a_mysterious_phase_of/)**  * today is the winter solstice, the sun will shine directly on these tropic of capricorn markers around the world, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2pzezq/today_is_the_winter_solstice_the_sun_will_shine/)**  * a pair of 3d-printed legs has sent a dog, born without front limbs, on his first ever run down a street. this video features the disabled animal happily sprinting into a normal dogs life, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2pyb6i/a_pair_of_3dprinted_legs_has_sent_a_dog_born/)**  * agricultural land use in france [oc] [1266x1297], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2pyu1l/agricultural_land_use_in_france_oc_1266x1297/)**  * the tribler "decentralized bittorrent" software's crypto is completely broken, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2pzg2i/the_tribler_decentralized_bittorrent_softwares/)**  * i made a video on linux using foss tools. what do you think?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2pzhlb/i_made_a_video_on_linux_using_foss_tools_what_do/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious] africans of reddit: what country are you from and what is something i should know about that country?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2pytga/serious_africans_of_reddit_what_country_are_you/)**  * hey reddit! norman reedus here. you guys may know me as daryl dixon from amc's the walking dead. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2pzrj8/hey_reddit_norman_reedus_here_you_guys_may_know/)**  * i am having a garage sale that no one is coming to ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2pz5ny/i_am_having_a_garage_sale_that_no_one_is_coming/)**  * vegan shows up to a thread in /r/shittyfoodporn. it starts out calmly enough, but before long devolves into "you kill shit for your eating pleasure. and you raise your children to kill shit for fun and pleasure like a slag of bologna eaters. you're fucked up.", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2pz9ak/vegan_shows_up_to_a_thread_in_rshittyfoodporn_it/)**  * redditor does the research behind the sony pictures hacking scandal., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2pzsju/redditor_does_the_research_behind_the_sony/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2pyl1k) /r/instantbarbarians, /r/thelastairbender, /r/awfulcommercials, /r/unexpectedraptor, /r/savagegarden  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* counterfeiting (2013) - a documentary on the business of counterfeits and knock-offs, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2q0gr0/counterfeiting_2013_a_documentary_on_the_business/)**  * sweeney todd: the demon barber of fleet street (2007) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2pytde/sweeney_todd_the_demon_barber_of_fleet_street/)**  * gone girl (2014) 720p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2pz3cy/gone_girl_2014_720p/)**  * new image from the man from u.n.c.l.e. starring henry cavill and armie hammer, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2pzm7s/new_image_from_the_man_from_uncle_starring_henry/)**  * coheed and cambria - the crowing [prog rock] - [6:39], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2pz94m/coheed_and_cambria_the_crowing_prog_rock_639/)**  * [discussion] what albums out there are single flowing continuous mixes with no discernible track divisions? examples inside., *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2pytiv/discussion_what_albums_out_there_are_single/)**  * make music by clicking dots., *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2pzf0o/make_music_by_clicking_dots/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* back when my yogi bear was merely a cub... or puppy. hard to tell with those paws., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2pz8lo/back_when_my_yogi_bear_was_merely_a_cub_or_puppy/)**  * i'm 6'5 and squeezed my self into a 3 1/2 foot tall cave to take this picture at el matador state beach, ca. [oc] [7108 x 4739], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2pzevo/im_65_and_squeezed_my_self_into_a_3_12_foot_tall/)**  * raw copper crystal, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2pz1jt/raw_copper_crystal/)**  * fireball over banff rundle mountain by brett abernethy [2048x1365], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2pz0zu/fireball_over_banff_rundle_mountain_by_brett/)**  * noctilucent clouds, by martin koitme [1280x851], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2pyfh1/noctilucent_clouds_by_martin_koitme_1280x851/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* one of my oldest, dearest friends just gave me this is a christmas present. i'm absolutely speechless., *from /r/queen* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/queen/comments/2pzh18/one_of_my_oldest_dearest_friends_just_gave_me/)**  * add your r'lyeh review...let's help make this a top vacation destination for cultists world-wide!, *from /r/cthulhu* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cthulhu/comments/2pzgg5/add_your_rlyeh_reviewlets_help_make_this_a_top/)**  * tired of being ripped off by shaw? switch to lightspeed and get much more for less $$., *from /r/britishcolumbia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/britishcolumbia/comments/2q0g44/tired_of_being_ripped_off_by_shaw_switch_to/)**  * you know who else likes student activities &amp;amp; involvement?, *from /r/regularshow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/regularshow/comments/2pzni8/you_know_who_else_likes_student_activities/)**  * raising tower bridge awareness, *from /r/london* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/2pybba/raising_tower_bridge_awareness/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* starbucks should have a line for everybody who wants their venti triple half-caf soy mochas with no whip, and separate line for people who want a cup of coffee., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2pza0d/starbucks_should_have_a_line_for_everybody_who/)**  * instead holding hands with with children, have soccer players walk on to the pitch holding hands with chimpanzees., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2pz9pc/instead_holding_hands_with_with_children_have/)**  * "when i was young, i observed that nine out of ten things i did were failures. so i did ten times more work." - george bernard shaw, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2pz84q/when_i_was_young_i_observed_that_nine_out_of_ten/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i read somewhere that if north korea was attacked, china would help. but if north korea was to attack another country first, they wouldn't. so, if north korea attached the u.s., would china help the u.s. or be neutral?++$++20
thinking about getting hulk and neymar to run the wings on my team, does hulk play any good?++$++20
... after removing all the adult-oriented cards. the white deck was only about 1/2 an inch thick!it was surprisingly fun and they loved it. however one actually slipped though. we were playing the australian edition and when filtering i thought i saw an answer card which was 'didgeridoo'. my wife was about to read it out and got a shocked look on her face, it took both my brother and i 3 reads to see i had actually left 'didgeridildo' in there.oops.++$++37
i'm proud of myself, don't get me wrong, but when i found myself at the end of this week with my bills paid, christmas handled, and about $5 left to myself, all i could think was "cool.  now what do i do?"i'm so used to overdraft charges and being way behind on my bills.  the bank isn't coming after me anymore, the collectors aren't harassing me, and i'm not entirely sure what to do with myself.  i even have money that i'm not touching put away in an investment account.  i feel like over the course of a month, the amount of responsibility i'm taking over my finances has grown exponentially.  it's strange, the sense of pride i've got over it.  i like it but i still feel like i could do better.  always with the feeling like i could do better.++$++21
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on monday.  **report period:**   sunday, december 14, 2014 through saturday, december 20, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askscience** [[full report](/2q1ovc)]   ---* [curiosity found methane and water on mars. how are we ensuring that curosity and similar projects are not introducing habitat destroying invasive species my accident?](/2pl25b)  * [is the heat i feel when i face a bonfire transmitted to me mostly by infrared radiation or by heated air?](/2phjxu)  * [say you had the ability to fly a spacecraft from one side of the galaxy to the other in a straight line. what are the chances that you run into something?](/2pe4oj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asksciencefiction** [[full report](/2q1kwx)]   ---* [how do kids going to hogwarts learn actual subjects?](/2p926f)  * [[star wars] would anakin still have been corrupted if it were obi-wan making the arrest of palpatine instead of windu? could obi-wan have subdued palpatine in the first place?](/2pkqm7)  * [[lotr] if the events of the book take place in our world, in the far past, is eru ilvatar the abrahamic god? does the creation story or history of the world relate in some way to tolkein's catholic understanding of creation in any interesting manner?](/2prr95)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astronomy** [[full report](/2q1iqv)]   ---* [my girlfriend and i exchanged presents last night and this is what she wrapped my presents in.](/2pwkwf)  * [one photograph, two processing methods.](/2pevn9)  * [nasa rover finds active and ancient organic chemistry on mars](/2phvcc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bitcoin** [[full report](/2q1q4s)]   ---* [my russian friend sent me this joke](/2pb2ku)  * [american justice: hsbc launders billions, no jail time. charlie sells bitcoin to a sr launderer, 2 years.](/2pu0b2)  * [chinese government official: "private digital money can co-exist with government money."](/2p92s2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/books** [[full report](/2q1ra6)]   ---* [the internet is great for buying books when you know what you want, but nothing will ever beat a real bookstore when you just want to explore and find something new.](/2pgukr)  * [i asked jk rowling about jewish wizards on twitter, she responded.](/2pja5d)  * [amazon removes author's work as it contains hypens](/2pcnv2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cfb** [[full report](/2q1spe)]   ---* [marcus mariota wins the heisman trophy!](/2p8323)  * [oregon state buys ad in paper congratulating rival oregon's mariota on heisman win](/2p9mm5)  * [alabama's chances of beating ohio state died last night.](/2pphpo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiratard** [[full report](/2q1jgf)]   ---* [the flow chart they don't want you to see!](/2peug3)  * [9/11 truther vows not to rest until everyone knows he an asshole](/2pjily)  * [satire website targets tea party members knowing they will believe anything, and it works](/2pww42)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/flipping** [[full report](/2q1k1e)]   ---* [til broken electronics purchased from ebay are often used in return fraud from big box retailers](/2pvv0h)  * [amazon price mistake only up for 1 hour may cost many businesses to fold](/2pbh52)  * [i buy and then resell apple computers on kijiji. it works very well](/2p9fpt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/geek** [[full report](/2q1i2b)]   ---* [department christmas party today. i brought the jello in a relish dish.](/2pl6lr)  * [letters by computer](/2pcyy0)  * [tried my hand at a ram wreath this holiday season](/2pheuz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/getmotivated** [[full report](/2q1nms)]   ---* [[image] wise words of johnny knoxville.](/2p7tpl)  * [[image] a different way of looking at problems](/2ptilf)  * [[image]the realist adjusts his sail.](/2pjmwu)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/investing** [[full report](/2q1m1i)]   ---* [highschooler worth $72 million is fake! i went to school with him.](/2pdyhp)  * [today snapchat is valued around 10 billion $, about a year ago people here said that they were idiots for turning down facebook's offer for 3.](/2pb605)  * [****oh god my mutual fund!*** 10% drop in one day!!!! oh the humanity!](/2potn8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/news** [[full report](/2q1v2c)]   ---* [wisconsin passed a law requiring outside investigation when police are involved in an incident that results in death](/2p9wqn)  * [george clooney calls for online release of 'the interview "that's the most important part. we cannot be told we can't see something by kim jong un, of all f***ing people."](/2pslkb)  * [us officials: us to start talks with cuba to normalize full diplomatic relations, open embassy](/2pkvp5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/physics** [[full report](/2q1hbp)]   ---* [scientists discover how to turn light into matter after 80-year quest](/2pk5vf)  * [fun with vortex rings in the pool](/2pnhb6)  * [philae comet landing named physics breakthrough of the year](/2pbhi5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pics** [[full report](/2q1xpt)]   ---* [quirky chalk and charcoal characters on the streets of ann arbor- michigan](/2p9gny)  * [when both sides of the channel tunnel first met 1990](/2pfpn6)  * [what a view to wake up to...](/2pk3nn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pinkfloyd** [[full report](/2q1ho3)]   ---* [wait siri nooo!!](/2p7up1)  * [found this at a goodwill store the other day!](/2pn2b3)  * [very pleased with my most recent purchase](/2plbx3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitrconservativesays** [[full report](/2q1h3d)]   ---* [mayonesa on racism (my brain is now bleeding)](/2pkykf)  * [r/con wants obama to attack north korea in defense of liberal hollywood](/2ptbya)  * [chab finds issue with american conservative muslim.](/2pi3pd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/tech** [[full report](/2q1ixq)]   ---* [a man who lost both arms 40 years ago is making history as the first person with two mind-controlled robotic arms](/2pp9bf)  * [instant camera that i spent the last three months designing and building. it can print 1,000 pictures for the price of a single polaroid.](/2plu3y)  * [darpa has done the almost impossible and created something that weve only seen in the movies: a self-guided, mid-flight-changing .50 caliber bullet](/2p9f39)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/truereddit** [[full report](/2q1mod)]   ---* [putting things into perspective: the interview is not a courageous film, it is not a stand against tyranny. it's a comedy meant to make money. a comedy about a real, brutal dictator committing horrific crimes against humanity right now.](/2pw04u)  * [how ayn rand helped turn the u.s. into a selfish, greedy nation: the 'atlas shrugged' author made selfishness heroic and caring about others weakness.](/2pd0uq)  * [the elf on the shelf is preparing your child to live in a future police state, professor warns](/2pkwq3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/upliftingnews** [[full report](/2q1if5)]   ---* [woman who cared for 4 family members with ebola - and invented a "trash bag" sanitation method which she later taught to people without hospital access - is getting a free u.s. nursing education](/2pr384)  * [university student finds herself stranded with no cash or bank card, is approached by a homeless man who gave her the last 3 he had so she could take a taxi home. she's now raising funds to get him off the streets.](/2pds3g)  * [hearing impaired child shocked when santa uses sign language](/2pvsjo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldcup** [[full report](/2q1k5k)]   ---* [robbie rogers blasts fifa over world cup locations -- russia and qatar](/2ps1g6)  * [last word on thierry: the king retires](/2phlj3)  * [canada not complacent after learning women's world cup fate](/2pd5t9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
[pop-up](http://imgur.com/mqkimgy)i was playing quite a fair bit today, but just as i logged off to switch accounts i came to browse reddit when avast! notified me that it had 'blocked' the lolpatcher.so i disabled avast! for 10 minutes and tried to re-run it again, to where the lol logo would appear, but would disappear and do nothing.i figured that avast! put some necessary files to run league on quarantine, so i deleted league and came to reinstall. with avast! shields disabled, it still went off and clicking 'add to the exception list' doesn't do anything, it's a broken link.so right now i'm uninstalling avast!, while the lol installation continues (cause league &gt; viruses).but yeah was working perfectly fine about an hour ago now it's making my antivirus go whack and isn't working.any other users experiencing problems and have found a resolution?many thanks!++$++23
more specifically, is a deacon actually a member of the clergy and can a deacon administer last rights? any additional information would be very much appreciated!++$++22
whats a game that you always keep coming back to?whats a game that you just cant leave?i am currently bored out of my mind and i need something to dive into.++$++16
i had my cervix checked on thursday - no subsequent bleeding. then on saturday bright red blood but never on the pad only when i wipe. cramping here and there. sunday, woke up, same thing, and so i put myself on bed rest yesterday per my np of a sister. we are in the middle of moving so i've been doing a lot but not lifting or anything extensive. all day while resting, no bleeding. then i get ready for bed and have bleeding again - also this morning. i get to work and have localized pain in the right groin area. i call on-call doctor and they said i need to come in and make sure "this pregnancy is in the right place".i'm so scared, i'm only 7 weeks and i know so much can go wrong. my appointment is at 10 est, leaving in an hour. wish me luck ladies! :/update: well my gut was right. went to ob they immediately did us. said she could see sac but it was empty. said it also looked more like 5w not 6w6d. also spotted what appeared to be a cystic structure on right ovary. sent to us specialist immediately after to get a better scan. us doctor talked me through us. said she couldn't measure or locate fetal pole. stated there is an obvious cystic structure on right ovary. based on symptoms alone and us she felt strongly its a tubular pregnancy. sent me across the street to hospital for lab work. they said its one of three things. i have already miscarried which happened at 5w which is why sac is measuring small and now my body is trying to pass the tissue, its ectopic, or i am not as far along as they originally estimated and have an ovarian cyst. based on their expressions, medical opinions, etc they weren't optimistic. i have to go back first thing wednesday morning for repeat bw. that combined with a second us as well will confirm what's happening and will determine if i need surgery. my husband and i cried, hard. went to lunch...then came home to our new empty unpacked house and napped on the couch. i'm now trying to distract myself with nesting aka unpacking trying to get through to the next 48 hours. i listened to my body and it appears i was right. this is so very hard. i will update again on wednesday.++$++31
hey there gentlemen,my name is andy and i am 26 years old, 6'4, 220 pounds, hairy, blonde hair, blue eyes with soft dick sucking lips, a nice fuzzy plump bottom and a tight, virgin, pink asshole! i'm looking for a man who would enjoy a roleplay with me of your choosing:(1) rape scenario (2) dom/sub/verbal abuse (3) pissing/face fucking (4) father/son (5) teacher/student the only limit is your imagination or we could combine all the ideas together! please be able to form a sentence in your e-mails and be articulate in your wants and descriptions of what you want and who you are.i would prefer a roleplay, but in no means are you limited to this!++$++26
hello. i have received my gift (a friend is picking up my mail), but i will not be able to open it until the 5th of january, as i am out of the us right now. is there a deadline to post the gift? i want to confirm i have received it, but i have ot save what it is etc until i get back.++$++20
[pcpartpicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/jjvrmp) / [price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/jjvrmp/by_merchant/)type|item|price:----|:----|:----**cpu** | [intel pentium g3258 3.2ghz dual-core processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646g3258) | $69.99 @ amazon **motherboard** | [msi z97 pc mate atx lga1150 motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-motherboard-z97pcmate) | $85.99 @ newegg **memory** | [g.skill ripjaws series 8gb (2 x 4gb) ddr3-1600 memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gskill-memory-f312800cl9d8gbrl) | $59.99 @ newegg **video card** | [gigabyte radeon r9 280x 3gb windforce video card](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-video-card-gvr928xoc3gdrev2) | purchased for $180.00 **case** | [corsair 200r atx mid tower case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-case-200r) | $49.99 @ newegg **power supply** | [corsair cx 500w 80+ bronze certified semi-modular atx power supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-power-supply-cx500m) | $54.99 @ amazon  | | **total** | prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available | $500.95 | generated by pcpartpicker 2014-12-22 12:38 est-0500 |i do believe that the msi mate price is outdated as it shows a promo code that expired yesterday, so the price will be more like $515.++$++16
i always love getting a new cologne around this time of year. i currently have:* tommy hilfiger* john paul gualtier (the body bottle)* original dolce and gabanna* chanel allure for men* versace blue jeans* lacoste essential* versace dreamer (i now dislike this one)* curve crush* lacoste essential sport (many compliments on this but i lost it :/)++$++24
[pcpartpicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/jjvrmp) / [price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/jjvrmp/by_merchant/)type|item|price:----|:----|:----**cpu** | [intel pentium g3258 3.2ghz dual-core processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646g3258) | $69.99 @ amazon **motherboard** | [msi z97 pc mate atx lga1150 motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-motherboard-z97pcmate) | $85.99 @ newegg **memory** | [g.skill ripjaws series 8gb (2 x 4gb) ddr3-1600 memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gskill-memory-f312800cl9d8gbrl) | $59.99 @ newegg **video card** | [gigabyte radeon r9 280x 3gb windforce video card](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-video-card-gvr928xoc3gdrev2) | purchased for $180.00 **case** | [corsair 200r atx mid tower case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-case-200r) | $49.99 @ newegg **power supply** | [corsair cx 500w 80+ bronze certified semi-modular atx power supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-power-supply-cx500m) | $54.99 @ amazon  | | **total** | prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available | $500.95 | generated by pcpartpicker 2014-12-22 12:38 est-0500 |i do believe that the msi mate price is outdated as it shows a promo code that expired yesterday, so the price will be more like $515.++$++16
so i signed up for their 10 days of christmas thing a while back and todays gift was miracle berries.i've never had them before but they're supposed to change your perception of flavor. it says "stupid people call it flavor tripping" on the instructions so i let a tablet dissolve on my tongue and tried every weird thing i could find in the house.thanks to cah, i just had lemon juice, onions, baking chocolate, and bourbon. the lemon juice is the only thing that tasted good. i almost threw up street having the bourbon.i'm an idiot.++$++17
greetings everyone!  i drive a 2007 honda ridgeline rtl (has nav and cd changer), recently the aux port failed on it and i have been thinking about how best to repair/replace it.  i have 0 experience with car stereo, but with guidance from you all i think i can figure it out, i have plenty of experience putting together computers so i figure that should be relevant.  ideally i would like to replace the aux port with usb that the existing stereo could still read and play music from whatever device is hooked up to it.  if that is not possible then i would probably just replace the aux port. i am asking you guys what would be the best/least costly way to go about doing that?  what parts will i need, where can i get them and other general recommendations would be greatly appreciated!++$++26
**contest closed** i guess it's my cake day! haha! i want to celebrate. i will pick one winner. all you have to do is comment with the phrase "lizz eat some cake" and i will raffle that off tomorrow then gift the winner! contest will end tomorrow afternoon!++$++25
i have a huge passion for djing. i have djed multiple occasions, bars and a couple weddings with borrowed equipment, it is something i've been told i have a knack for and so i want to become serious about it. having said that, with my tax return this upcoming year i want to put together hardware so i can start doing it as a side job, i'm starting with almost nothing. so with around 1000$ budget, what would be the best route to go? i have experience on controllers only, i have been looking into ni s4 mk2. thoughts?++$++24
they'd be playing lm. ideally i would like neymar, but getting silva instead would save me like 200k which i could spend elsewhere (like di maria). is silva that much of a downgrade?++$++20
i watched **akira** with my dad the other night and an episode of **jojo's bizzare adventure**.as much as i loved them, i wouldn't let them know about **kill la kill** or the **monogatari series**what about you? 2 you'd watch with them &amp; 2 you wouldn't.++$++17
this rp is a little different from what i usually offer in the sense that i intend to play at least two roles.the primary idea involves 3-4 people. one being a character based on myself, two based on a perverse view of two girls i know and possibly one being based on you. i'll leave the story a little open and we can change the characters around if needed, but the idea is that i meet up with these two friends (maybe bringing my gf/wife) and a slow burn brings us into a night of sex, or maybe i watch the girls go at it, or maybe they watch us, but we all know each other and its mostly consensual.characters: tim: (me.) 6ft1 athletic build, dark hair, tan skin, brown eyes. likes long walks on the beach, candlelit dinners, and fucking girls in every hole until the bed, couch, counter or any other surface is soaked in a mixture of everyone's cum. exhibitionist by nature, enjoys petite women with tight asses and firm tits.alex (friend 1): petite redhead, 5ft tall, pale skin with freckles, b cup breasts, small yet shapely ass. dominant by nature, bisexual and enjoys making her girlfriend eat her out after being cummed in. ellie (friend 2): 5ft11 blonde italian, c cup breasts with wide hips and a well toned ass, prefers tight clothing that emphasis body. submissive by nature, lesbian that loves to be told what to do by her girlfriend and punished for doing it wrong. the two friends would ideally be in a relationship. ellie being a lesbian isn't very experienced with men, but alex can enjoy forcing her to suck a guy off, or get doubled teamed with a cock and a strap on. as far as kinks i'm open so long as it doesn't mess up the setting (ellie can be my sister, but not a 14yr old among 40yr olds for example.) if you're unsure just ask and i'll answer.++$++20
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* pope francis issued a blistering critique monday of the vatican bureaucracy that serves him, denouncing how some people lust for power at all costs, live hypocritical double lives and suffer from spiritual alzheimers that has made them forget theyre supposed to be joyful men of god., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2q2aku/pope_francis_issued_a_blistering_critique_monday/)**  * north korea's internet is offline; massive ddos attack presumed, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2q3cm5/north_koreas_internet_is_offline_massive_ddos/)**  * pentagon blocks graphic abuse images: "the pentagon is refusing to release a trove of graphic photos showing u.s. troops abusing detainees, arguing that doing so would play into isiss hands.", *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2q2sqm/pentagon_blocks_graphic_abuse_images_the_pentagon/)**  * peru is now giving free solar power to its 2 million poorest citizens, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2q2nmq/peru_is_now_giving_free_solar_power_to_its_2/)**  * sony hack: false flag to pass internet censorship bill, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2q48zb/sony_hack_false_flag_to_pass_internet_censorship/)**  * t-mobile wins a big victory over at&amp;amp;t and verizon that could bring lower prices for consumers, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2q2jsk/tmobile_wins_a_big_victory_over_att_and_verizon/)**  * marshawn lynch with a 79 yard 'beast mode' touchdown vs cardinals., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2q1d5q/marshawn_lynch_with_a_79_yard_beast_mode/)**  * 4th circuit: vaginal ultrasound law violates 1st amendment right to freedom of speech [pdf], *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q37xd/4th_circuit_vaginal_ultrasound_law_violates_1st/)**  * snowden, poitras &amp;amp; others sued for 'billions of dollars' spent by us government in response to leaks, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2q3blm/snowden_poitras_others_sued_for_billions_of/)**  * why do women want to ban the word "bossy"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2q36tj/why_do_women_want_to_ban_the_word_bossy/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk if you cross stitch that your hands need to be clean. the oils on your hands will yellow your fabric unevenly over time., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2q41hv/ysk_if_you_cross_stitch_that_your_hands_need_to/)**  * my computer has lots and lots of tiny circuits, logic gates, etc. how does it prevent a single bad spot on a chip from crashing the whole system?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2q1x77/my_computer_has_lots_and_lots_of_tiny_circuits/)**  * eli5: what was illegal about the stock trading done by jordan belfort as seen in the wolf of wall street?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q2fii/eli5_what_was_illegal_about_the_stock_trading/)**  * til that in 2010 microsoft banned a user from xbox live for putting fort gay (a real location in west virginia) as his address. microsoft refused to believe that fort gay actually existed, and eventually took an appeal from the towns mayor david thompson for the issue to be corrected., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2q2fdp/til_that_in_2010_microsoft_banned_a_user_from/)**  * data about the redditors who send me pictures [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2q2l2m/data_about_the_redditors_who_send_me_pictures_oc/)**  * how to make a professional twitch overlay in pixlr, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2q41bl/how_to_make_a_professional_twitch_overlay_in_pixlr/)**  * actually how bad is marijuana for your health?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2q2rdt/actually_how_bad_is_marijuana_for_your_health/)**  * lasers and where they got to, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2q2roo/lasers_and_where_they_got_to/)**  * according to welsh folklore, the corgi is the preferred mount of tiny, woodland fairy warriors., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2q31lp/according_to_welsh_folklore_the_corgi_is_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: start 2015 off with an empty jar and fill it with notes of good things that happen. on new year's eve, empty it and see what awesome stuff happened that year., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2q1dam/lpt_start_2015_off_with_an_empty_jar_and_fill_it/)**  * my 1 year progress as a recovering male anorexic. [x-post r/bodybuilding, r/gainit], *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2q241x/my_1_year_progress_as_a_recovering_male_anorexic/)**  * [image] video game wisdom, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2q4dm2/image_video_game_wisdom/)**  * you can easily cut glass using scissors in a bowl of water, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2q3566/you_can_easily_cut_glass_using_scissors_in_a_bowl/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* scientists thought they had made a mistake when they discovered a huge electric field in a thin layer of solid nitrous oxide, commonly known as laughing gas. as it transpires, however, they had discovered a new electrical phenomenon: huge electric fields occur spontaneously in laughing gas, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2q248c/scientists_thought_they_had_made_a_mistake_when/)**  * australian court to penalize homeopaths for claiming vaccine alternative, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2q3xfc/australian_court_to_penalize_homeopaths_for/)**  * photo of curiosity's wheel taken on sol 842 (19/12) by mahli., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2q29gc/photo_of_curiositys_wheel_taken_on_sol_842_1912/)**  * a simple proof of conservation of energy, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2q2fhn/a_simple_proof_of_conservation_of_energy/)**  * thought you might appreciate these cookies i made (crosspost r/geek), *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2q2tqw/thought_you_might_appreciate_these_cookies_i_made/)**  * engineers continue work on elon musk's hyperloop, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2q2wmc/engineers_continue_work_on_elon_musks_hyperloop/)**  * public support for the euro in the eu [1220x1204] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2q2xhu/public_support_for_the_euro_in_the_eu_1220x1204_oc/)**  * how not to perform password security, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2q3jp2/how_not_to_perform_password_security/)**  * what search engines (other than bing/google) are linux users favoring these days?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2q1caa/what_search_engines_other_than_binggoogle_are/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what can you do that is not appearance based to make yourself more attractive?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2q2b9u/what_can_you_do_that_is_not_appearance_based_to/)**  * i am jon taffer from bar rescue, author and entrepreneur, back on reddit - ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2q3hls/i_am_jon_taffer_from_bar_rescue_author_and/)**  * *nsfw* i made lube infused with thc and had sex with my wife, ask us anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2q1ayd/nsfw_i_made_lube_infused_with_thc_and_had_sex/)**  * /r/holocaust (reddit's no.1 holocaust denial sub) post curious as to why so many people visited the sub. user who directed people to them shows up to start a fight., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2q2emj/rholocaust_reddits_no1_holocaust_denial_sub_post/)**  * the humorless plebs of /r/funny vs. /u/shiny4528 for blatant grandtheft.jpg and liarliarpantsonfire.gif, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2q314j/the_humorless_plebs_of_rfunny_vs_ushiny4528_for/)**  * redditor suspects their fear of ghosts may be an actual intruder. a kind stranger has security alarms delivered over night., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2q32kw/redditor_suspects_their_fear_of_ghosts_may_be_an/)**  * the best of secret santa 2014, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2q2u7l/the_best_of_secret_santa_2014/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2q20gl) /r/wellthatsucks, /r/mademesmile, /r/dndgreentext, /r/easternphilosophy, /r/pizza  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* japanese devils (2001) - a controversial and disturbing documentary that follows former japanese soldiers who discuss their wartime experiences in china, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2q2kcw/japanese_devils_2001_a_controversial_and/)**  * bill burr i'm sorry you feel that way (2014) [360p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2q1z54/bill_burr_im_sorry_you_feel_that_way_2014_360p/)**  * i origins (2014) 720p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2q2htx/i_origins_2014_720p/)**  * tim burton on why he didn't return to batman: "i think the studio wanted to move on. i think i upset mcdonalds. [they asked] whats that black stuff coming out of the penguins mouth. we cant sell happy meals with that!'", *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2q39m7/tim_burton_on_why_he_didnt_return_to_batman_i/)**  * singer joe cocker dies aged 70, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2q38oj/singer_joe_cocker_dies_aged_70/)**  * oh wonder -- shark [ambient / chill] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2q33f2/oh_wonder_shark_ambient_chill_2014/)**  * create your own snow flake with words, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2q35ho/create_your_own_snow_flake_with_words/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* here's twix. he puts up with a lot from the kids. merry christmas!, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2q47d3/heres_twix_he_puts_up_with_a_lot_from_the_kids/)**  * nature park telaica, (1106x1080) [oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2q2jlj/nature_park_telaica_1106x1080_oc/)**  * i had no idea bats could get this big. it looks like a toddler dressed as a bat., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2q36jg/i_had_no_idea_bats_could_get_this_big_it_looks/)**  * nasa's solar dynamics observatory captured this image of a significant solar flare  as seen in the bright flash on the right  on dec. 19, 2014. the image shows a subset of extreme ultraviolet light that highlights the extremely hot material in flares [4096 x 4096], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2q3l9d/nasas_solar_dynamics_observatory_captured_this/)**  * sky over styria today - unedited [3264x2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2q2r3o/sky_over_styria_today_unedited_3264x2448/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* could someone help me pick a new pc?, *from /r/shittytechsupport* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shittytechsupport/comments/2q2ji3/could_someone_help_me_pick_a_new_pc/)**  * sexless relationship..., *from /r/gay* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/gay/comments/2q1fti/sexless_relationship/)**  * airport emilia., *from /r/emiliaclarke* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/emiliaclarke/comments/2q1cnp/airport_emilia/)**  * curcumin (which is found in turmeric) attenuates opioid tolerance and dependence by inhibiting camkii activity (2014), *from /r/kratomkorner* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/kratomkorner/comments/2q4vak/curcumin_which_is_found_in_turmeric_attenuates/)**  * the town of arlington, oregon, on the columbia river 112 miles from bonnville dam. population: 601, october 1939, by dorothea lange., *from /r/oregon* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/oregon/comments/2q3wn8/the_town_of_arlington_oregon_on_the_columbia/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* getting another set of teeth would be much more useful at age 60 than age 6., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2q2gr1/getting_another_set_of_teeth_would_be_much_more/)**  * when taking down christmas trees in public places, the workers should have to dress in grinch costumes., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2q1qe0/when_taking_down_christmas_trees_in_public_places/)**  * "half our worries and anxieties have arisen from our concern about the opinions of others . . . we must extract this thorn from our flesh." - schopenhauer, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2q1srq/half_our_worries_and_anxieties_have_arisen_from/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* pope francis issued a blistering critique monday of the vatican bureaucracy that serves him, denouncing how some people lust for power at all costs, live hypocritical double lives and suffer from spiritual alzheimers that has made them forget theyre supposed to be joyful men of god., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2q2aku/pope_francis_issued_a_blistering_critique_monday/)**  * north korea's internet is offline; massive ddos attack presumed, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2q3cm5/north_koreas_internet_is_offline_massive_ddos/)**  * pentagon blocks graphic abuse images: "the pentagon is refusing to release a trove of graphic photos showing u.s. troops abusing detainees, arguing that doing so would play into isiss hands.", *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2q2sqm/pentagon_blocks_graphic_abuse_images_the_pentagon/)**  * peru is now giving free solar power to its 2 million poorest citizens, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2q2nmq/peru_is_now_giving_free_solar_power_to_its_2/)**  * sony hack: false flag to pass internet censorship bill, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2q48zb/sony_hack_false_flag_to_pass_internet_censorship/)**  * t-mobile wins a big victory over at&amp;amp;t and verizon that could bring lower prices for consumers, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2q2jsk/tmobile_wins_a_big_victory_over_att_and_verizon/)**  * marshawn lynch with a 79 yard 'beast mode' touchdown vs cardinals., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2q1d5q/marshawn_lynch_with_a_79_yard_beast_mode/)**  * 4th circuit: vaginal ultrasound law violates 1st amendment right to freedom of speech [pdf], *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q37xd/4th_circuit_vaginal_ultrasound_law_violates_1st/)**  * snowden, poitras &amp;amp; others sued for 'billions of dollars' spent by us government in response to leaks, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2q3blm/snowden_poitras_others_sued_for_billions_of/)**  * why do women want to ban the word "bossy"?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2q36tj/why_do_women_want_to_ban_the_word_bossy/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk if you cross stitch that your hands need to be clean. the oils on your hands will yellow your fabric unevenly over time., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2q41hv/ysk_if_you_cross_stitch_that_your_hands_need_to/)**  * my computer has lots and lots of tiny circuits, logic gates, etc. how does it prevent a single bad spot on a chip from crashing the whole system?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2q1x77/my_computer_has_lots_and_lots_of_tiny_circuits/)**  * eli5: what was illegal about the stock trading done by jordan belfort as seen in the wolf of wall street?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q2fii/eli5_what_was_illegal_about_the_stock_trading/)**  * til that in 2010 microsoft banned a user from xbox live for putting fort gay (a real location in west virginia) as his address. microsoft refused to believe that fort gay actually existed, and eventually took an appeal from the towns mayor david thompson for the issue to be corrected., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2q2fdp/til_that_in_2010_microsoft_banned_a_user_from/)**  * data about the redditors who send me pictures [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2q2l2m/data_about_the_redditors_who_send_me_pictures_oc/)**  * how to make a professional twitch overlay in pixlr, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2q41bl/how_to_make_a_professional_twitch_overlay_in_pixlr/)**  * actually how bad is marijuana for your health?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2q2rdt/actually_how_bad_is_marijuana_for_your_health/)**  * lasers and where they got to, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2q2roo/lasers_and_where_they_got_to/)**  * according to welsh folklore, the corgi is the preferred mount of tiny, woodland fairy warriors., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2q31lp/according_to_welsh_folklore_the_corgi_is_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: start 2015 off with an empty jar and fill it with notes of good things that happen. on new year's eve, empty it and see what awesome stuff happened that year., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2q1dam/lpt_start_2015_off_with_an_empty_jar_and_fill_it/)**  * my 1 year progress as a recovering male anorexic. [x-post r/bodybuilding, r/gainit], *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2q241x/my_1_year_progress_as_a_recovering_male_anorexic/)**  * [image] video game wisdom, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2q4dm2/image_video_game_wisdom/)**  * you can easily cut glass using scissors in a bowl of water, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2q3566/you_can_easily_cut_glass_using_scissors_in_a_bowl/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* scientists thought they had made a mistake when they discovered a huge electric field in a thin layer of solid nitrous oxide, commonly known as laughing gas. as it transpires, however, they had discovered a new electrical phenomenon: huge electric fields occur spontaneously in laughing gas, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2q248c/scientists_thought_they_had_made_a_mistake_when/)**  * australian court to penalize homeopaths for claiming vaccine alternative, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2q3xfc/australian_court_to_penalize_homeopaths_for/)**  * photo of curiosity's wheel taken on sol 842 (19/12) by mahli., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2q29gc/photo_of_curiositys_wheel_taken_on_sol_842_1912/)**  * a simple proof of conservation of energy, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2q2fhn/a_simple_proof_of_conservation_of_energy/)**  * thought you might appreciate these cookies i made (crosspost r/geek), *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2q2tqw/thought_you_might_appreciate_these_cookies_i_made/)**  * engineers continue work on elon musk's hyperloop, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2q2wmc/engineers_continue_work_on_elon_musks_hyperloop/)**  * public support for the euro in the eu [1220x1204] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2q2xhu/public_support_for_the_euro_in_the_eu_1220x1204_oc/)**  * how not to perform password security, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2q3jp2/how_not_to_perform_password_security/)**  * what search engines (other than bing/google) are linux users favoring these days?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2q1caa/what_search_engines_other_than_binggoogle_are/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what can you do that is not appearance based to make yourself more attractive?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2q2b9u/what_can_you_do_that_is_not_appearance_based_to/)**  * i am jon taffer from bar rescue, author and entrepreneur, back on reddit - ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2q3hls/i_am_jon_taffer_from_bar_rescue_author_and/)**  * *nsfw* i made lube infused with thc and had sex with my wife, ask us anything!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2q1ayd/nsfw_i_made_lube_infused_with_thc_and_had_sex/)**  * /r/holocaust (reddit's no.1 holocaust denial sub) post curious as to why so many people visited the sub. user who directed people to them shows up to start a fight., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2q2emj/rholocaust_reddits_no1_holocaust_denial_sub_post/)**  * the humorless plebs of /r/funny vs. /u/shiny4528 for blatant grandtheft.jpg and liarliarpantsonfire.gif, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2q314j/the_humorless_plebs_of_rfunny_vs_ushiny4528_for/)**  * redditor suspects their fear of ghosts may be an actual intruder. a kind stranger has security alarms delivered over night., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2q32kw/redditor_suspects_their_fear_of_ghosts_may_be_an/)**  * the best of secret santa 2014, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2q2u7l/the_best_of_secret_santa_2014/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2q20gl) /r/wellthatsucks, /r/mademesmile, /r/dndgreentext, /r/easternphilosophy, /r/pizza  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* japanese devils (2001) - a controversial and disturbing documentary that follows former japanese soldiers who discuss their wartime experiences in china, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2q2kcw/japanese_devils_2001_a_controversial_and/)**  * bill burr i'm sorry you feel that way (2014) [360p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2q1z54/bill_burr_im_sorry_you_feel_that_way_2014_360p/)**  * i origins (2014) 720p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2q2htx/i_origins_2014_720p/)**  * tim burton on why he didn't return to batman: "i think the studio wanted to move on. i think i upset mcdonalds. [they asked] whats that black stuff coming out of the penguins mouth. we cant sell happy meals with that!'", *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2q39m7/tim_burton_on_why_he_didnt_return_to_batman_i/)**  * singer joe cocker dies aged 70, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2q38oj/singer_joe_cocker_dies_aged_70/)**  * oh wonder -- shark [ambient / chill] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2q33f2/oh_wonder_shark_ambient_chill_2014/)**  * create your own snow flake with words, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2q35ho/create_your_own_snow_flake_with_words/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* here's twix. he puts up with a lot from the kids. merry christmas!, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2q47d3/heres_twix_he_puts_up_with_a_lot_from_the_kids/)**  * nature park telaica, (1106x1080) [oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2q2jlj/nature_park_telaica_1106x1080_oc/)**  * i had no idea bats could get this big. it looks like a toddler dressed as a bat., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2q36jg/i_had_no_idea_bats_could_get_this_big_it_looks/)**  * nasa's solar dynamics observatory captured this image of a significant solar flare  as seen in the bright flash on the right  on dec. 19, 2014. the image shows a subset of extreme ultraviolet light that highlights the extremely hot material in flares [4096 x 4096], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2q3l9d/nasas_solar_dynamics_observatory_captured_this/)**  * sky over styria today - unedited [3264x2448], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2q2r3o/sky_over_styria_today_unedited_3264x2448/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* could someone help me pick a new pc?, *from /r/shittytechsupport* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shittytechsupport/comments/2q2ji3/could_someone_help_me_pick_a_new_pc/)**  * sexless relationship..., *from /r/gay* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/gay/comments/2q1fti/sexless_relationship/)**  * airport emilia., *from /r/emiliaclarke* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/emiliaclarke/comments/2q1cnp/airport_emilia/)**  * curcumin (which is found in turmeric) attenuates opioid tolerance and dependence by inhibiting camkii activity (2014), *from /r/kratomkorner* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/kratomkorner/comments/2q4vak/curcumin_which_is_found_in_turmeric_attenuates/)**  * the town of arlington, oregon, on the columbia river 112 miles from bonnville dam. population: 601, october 1939, by dorothea lange., *from /r/oregon* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/oregon/comments/2q3wn8/the_town_of_arlington_oregon_on_the_columbia/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* getting another set of teeth would be much more useful at age 60 than age 6., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2q2gr1/getting_another_set_of_teeth_would_be_much_more/)**  * when taking down christmas trees in public places, the workers should have to dress in grinch costumes., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2q1qe0/when_taking_down_christmas_trees_in_public_places/)**  * "half our worries and anxieties have arisen from our concern about the opinions of others . . . we must extract this thorn from our flesh." - schopenhauer, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2q1srq/half_our_worries_and_anxieties_have_arisen_from/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
been looking on grailed but i'm not too sure how i feel about used clothes.i've got enough money to buy maybe 2-3 semi valuable pieces per season.  i just don't know where to look. i'll rely on stores such as uniqlo for the cheap basics but i'd really like to diversify my wardrobe, brand wise, and make it become quality over quantity. because right now it is definitely the other way around. to describe the sort of style i wish to attain, i mean here are some examples.btw i live in north new jersey http://i.imgur.com/r8pewed.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/rrslzhi.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/1v056b5.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/shrvmop.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/b2anat6.jpgi have a wool uniqlo toggle coat that i actually really love and think fits this aesthetic.  my footwear is lacking as fuck but i'm buying a pair of white vans soon, already got a black pair so im pretty ok with only having black and white shoes unless someone brings something else to my attention.++$++15
for the record i love the game. but i've spent fifty hours on a character just to start over fresh with another one. i can't seem to stick on a class that i really enjoy. so far i've played as a knight enchanter and a tempest who uses two daggers. i'm really into doing massive damage but i also wanted to roleplay a certain character. sigh. life is hard.++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on tuesday.  **report period:**   monday, december 15, 2014 through sunday, december 21, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astrophotography** [[full report](/2q59vd)]   ---* [jupiter in timelapse - 2 hours of rotation](/2q0344)  * [i had another clear night! here's the horsehead and flame nebula in orion](/2pwy19)  * [the sizes of various astronomical objects compared to the moon](/2puyza)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canadapolitics** [[full report](/2q5d59)]   ---* [canadians not happy with tories or direction of country, poll suggests](/2poxdb)  * [cuba reconciliation meetings with u.s. hosted by canada](/2pldbo)  * [world bank: most immigrants do not come for social benefits, they come to find work and to improve their lives and those of their families. efforts to better integrate immigrants should thus be seen as an investment rather than a cost.](/2pw4zh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlejerkaustralia** [[full report](/2q5apn)]   ---* [if this post receives 50 upvotes, circlejerkaustralia will become a #illridewithyou themed subreddit](/2pnnci)  * [if this post gets 50 uptwists, circlejerkaustralia will become round the twist themed [official]](/2prub8)  * [if this post receives 50 upvotes, whytiederp will be reinstated as moderator of cjaus](/2pqo56)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cordcutters** [[full report](/2q5bla)]   ---* [why netflix should buy the interview from sony and stick it to the cyberbullies](/2pp149)  * [my wife and i cut the cord when we moved to our new place and we've been using my grandfathered unlimited data the past month. before, i was averaging about 5 gb per month.](/2psli7)  * [cord cutters, rejoice: fcc moves to clear the way for online tv providers](/2py0sl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dataisbeautiful** [[full report](/2q5ck1)]   ---* [percentage of students using free and reduced lunch programs from 1969 to 2014 [oc]](/2pb8k2)  * [obesity by occupation: in the us police, firefighters, and security guards lead the pack.](/2pkuio)  * [how to impress with charts [semi-oc]](/2pgyok)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dinosaurs** [[full report](/2q5969)]   ---* [[fluff] i get to hold a jawbone piece of a tyrannosaurus rex.](/2psl4h)  * [[fluff] my thrift find of the day... jugglosaurus!](/2pbw7r)  * [[dino art] utahraptor ambush by herschel hoffmeyer](/2pqwyn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/explainlikeimfive** [[full report](/2q5lbh)]   ---* [eli5: the taliban just killed 130 people in a school, mostly children. why is that somehow part of a rational strategy for them? how do they justify that to themselves?](/2pgzlb)  * [eli5: the millennial generation appears to be so much poorer than those of their parents. for most, ever owning a house seems unlikely, and even car ownership is much less common. what exactly happened to cause this?](/2pvx53)  * [eli5: when my cat rolls over and looks like it wants a belly-rub, then it decides to attack my hand, does it really think that i'm a threat, or is it just being a dick?](/2ps24s)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/funny** [[full report](/2q5stc)]   ---* [you think your job is stressful?](/2pnhyx)  * [baby jesus is going to have some wicked abs by the end of the season](/2ph8wv)  * [a p.s.a. for your company party](/2pigwd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indonesia** [[full report](/2q5egg)]   ---* [i'm restoring/remixing indonesia's disco/funk song around 1970s](/2pk7vl)  * [would indonesia be a very different country today had it been colonised by the british rather than the dutch?](/2pc8yh)  * [mosque loudspeakers are directed to my room. can i complain?](/2ph2qt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/learnuselesstalents** [[full report](/2q58zu)]   ---* [how to draw a very even septagon](/2pux4o)  * [how to write longer than 144 characters tweets by using a 'glitch' with twitter's t.co service, which shortens all url to 22 characters, by pasting a custom extra long link which others can hover over to continue reading your post...](/2pmwoh)  * [how to make a aa battery](/2pyyoa)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lifeprotips** [[full report](/2q5bx3)]   ---* [lpt: if a family experiences a miscarriage, pretend they have just lost a 6-month old baby so you don't say anything unintentionally hurtful.](/2popm1)  * [lpt: follow the three s's when doing your ladyfriend's laundry.](/2pbehe)  * [lpt: if you are leaving your house unattended for a couple days, shut off water main.](/2pjrl4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/manga** [[full report](/2q5e50)]   ---* [how to enter japan](/2pl3mn)  * [ryo narushima is not like other protagonists [shamo]](/2pdu3j)  * [when i try to image the colours of a manga character then see a coloured version of him/her](/2pprtn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minimalism** [[full report](/2q5a7a)]   ---* [space-saving design ideas](/2ptmgf)  * [horse (x-post /r/pics)](/2pcx7q)  * [maybe tomorrow (by klemt, from imgur)](/2phiox)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/music** [[full report](/2q5mjf)]   ---* [stephen colbert closed out his last colbert report with neutral milk hotel's "holland 1945"](/2ptf5g)  * [study links drinking while pregnant to being at kid rock concert | the onion - america's finest news source](/2pwdwj)  * [modest mouse - lampshades on fire [indie] official single off strangers to ourselves (new album)](/2pd8r5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nascar** [[full report](/2q5b6s)]   ---* [dale jr's got a pretty cool christmas sweater.](/2pw0gg)  * [sprint will not return as cup series title sponsor after 2016.](/2phqn9)  * [i don't have a year in review, just a single favorite moment](/2pqy5u)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nba** [[full report](/2q5qz4)]   ---* [brandon jennings passes up an open layup for a chance to work on his jumper](/2pn4ki)  * [[stein] breaking: celtics agree in principle to deal sending rajon rondo to dallas for wright, nelson, crowder &amp;amp; 2 picks.](/2pqbf8)  * [full video: kobe passes mj for 3rd all-time scorer, game is stopped to congratulate and give him the game ball.](/2pb95g)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/photoshopbattles** [[full report](/2q5ico)]   ---* [psbattle: this otter going down a slide](/2pegy5)  * [psbattle: skycrapers and aeroplan](/2pkkte)  * [psbattle: wet cat with dry head](/2pwdl8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/running** [[full report](/2q5h4k)]   ---* [i ran my first marathon in 3:34:45. my daughter made me this gift for my birth day](/2pzkc9)  * [the image that sparked my christmas running tradition](/2pxe44)  * [can we take a minute to appreciate the people who shovel their sidewalks this time of year?](/2pdmsm)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/showerthoughts** [[full report](/2q5jt6)]   ---* [they should announce a sequel to groundhog day and then just re-release the original.](/2pu41u)  * [me not being able to watch "the interview" is the first real time i've ever directly been affected by north korea](/2pnde1)  * [during childhood, we are told that jokes about the genital areas are adult content, but once we become adults, these jokes are considered "childish".](/2pcw8d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/squaredcircle** [[full report](/2q5o8g)]   ---* [[meta]how long has the konami code been present on this sub?](/2pza9s)  * [hi, im nigel mcguinness ama announcement and frre link to my last of mcguinness documentary](/2px863)  * [[spoilers] the brass ring gif](/2pcobl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stockmarket** [[full report](/2q59dp)]   ---* [google is now worth more than the entire russian stock market](/2prcy5)  * [whiz kid teen did not make even close to $72m](/2pe216)  * [theflyonthewall.com has serious security issues.](/2pom7k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/technology** [[full report](/2q5pio)]   ---* [the fcc ignored hundreds of thousands of net neutrality comments (proof)](/2psxh9)  * [researchers make bittorrent anonymous and impossible to shut down](/2poo8p)  * [shadowy anti-net neutrality group submitted 56.5% of comments to fcc](/2pihbb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/youshouldknow** [[full report](/2q59la)]   ---* [ysk that if you don't have a foreign data plan before traveling, at&amp;amp;t will charge $19.99 per mb.](/2pgru0)  * [ysk there's a website where you can create a font of your own handwriting in minutes.](/2pivgg)  * [ysk there's a crowdsourced "calendar of the internet" where you can easily see interesting/notable upcoming events.](/2pdbz1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i have reached the border of the world, i have mined into big caverns and they have been empty for a while now. yesterday i met my first creeper. usually caverns are filled with mobs. what is this, a holiday season perk or do mobs spawn less near the border? have i done something wrong? i feel lonely. i haven't met anyone in over a month. not even mobs.++$++28
i've played 3, 4, 7, and 13 but the rate seems to be every 5 steps or so in 6. it's actually sort of annoying how often i'm encountering monsters.is it higher in this game than the others or is it just my imagination?++$++17
does anyone know of good doctors surrounding the fort york area? i am googling but i'd also like recommendations from users on this subreddit. my current doctor's office has constantly let me down, so much so that i get anxious to even give them a call. today is the last straw and i need a reliable doctor.it would be preferable if they take appointments online, but that's not necessary. also preferable is if they have helpful front desk staff. they also don't have to be currently accepting patients!++$++20
hi! my name is brooke and i'm looking to start a story with the theme being a d/s relationship. i'm trying to keep this fairly open ended so that the responses will not be following the same path. i'm interested in doing a total power exchange type of situation so i can be your girlfriend, wife, or just someone you met and you're having a fling with. i'm 20 years old, 5'2, 115lbs, 32c, with green eyes and auburn hair (think taylor swift's new haircut). i have freckles across my nose and i'm shaved. i have no tattoos but i have my earlobes pierced and my cartilage pierced on my left ear as well as my belly button.it's hard for me to write about my kinks because i really enjoy a lot of different aspects of bdsm so it's simpler to just list my limits/dislikes which are: beastiality, incest, pedophilia, age play, scat, blackmail, and hypnosis.i do really enjoy playing a bit reluctant at first but that's definitely not required if it's not your thing. i like having every aspect of my life controlled like when i sleep, what i wear, when/what i eat, ect. literally everything.i hope to find a good writing partner to keep this going for a more long term roleplay. please send a description of yourself and the background that you think we should play with. happy writing!++$++20
http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20121128004951/onepiece/images/3/32/wapol_eats_chess_and_kuromarimo.png++$++23
hi im new to game, dark souls. i bought it for pc few days ago. what i noticed the most is that almost every time i summoned someone friendly, they just use black crystal to go home. wtf? don't place summon sign if you are not going to help out. thanks for waste my time.++$++21
i'm home for break and have no internet, tv or car. what are some ways i can improve myself to pass the time?++$++20
is it a good game with a good community?is the deal good?how is the game standing,are there new people coming in,are there alot of servers?++$++16
if want to know how far i gotten if that helps. so far i have defeated last giant, pursuer, ruin sentinel, and lost sinner. areas i have unlocked are: forest of fallen giants; crestfallen's retreat, cardinal tower, and soldiers' rest. the lost bastille; mcduff's workshop, servants' quarters, straid's cell, and the tower apart. sinner's rise; the saltfort. /class: deprivedsl: 27vgr: 6end: 7vit: 6atn: 6str: 19dex: 18adp: 6int: 6fth: 6/quick question: where is the key that unlocks cell door next to straid's cell? /real question. where in area i can contain pyro hand very early as possible? i have 108,610 souls to spend. i am not sure if i should spend on stats or use it to get through to get pyro hand? i also have soul vessel to use once i reach level 130 then use it to invest points in int and atn. planning to go pure pyro.++$++21
was it cheaper once,or is it going to be cheaper?if anybody wants to do a cheaper trade i am in++$++16
thanks for opening my thread! i'm lindsey, and i'm 20 years old, bi, and horny. i'm 5'6", slender and busty, with red hair (dyed from blonde) and blue eyes. i'm a little on the nerdy side, being fluent in both pokemon and legend of zelda. i really need an outlet so that i can release some of this tension that i've got building up. i'm really horny, and need a good bit of inspiration so i can bust my toys out. i love dirty chat, roleplay, and sharing porn.right now i've got a certain idea on my mind that i would love to rp with someone: i want to (potential ageplay) find out that my daddy has an absolutely massive cock....maybe i catch him jerking it (kind of cliche, oh well) or fucking mommy or some other bimbo. then i want him to show me all the fun a girl can have with a big dicked daddy! (maybe even while mommy watches)i'd also love for a dominant mommy to be so pent up that she decides to use my big brother and i for her own sexual ends, making us put on shows for her and service her, even though we're not very experienced yet.things i'm into: light bondage, ageplay, incest, non-human, hentai, big cocks, sizeplay, cumplay, toys, and exhibitionism/voyeurism.things i am decidely not into and prefer not be mentioned: breeding, blood, scat, and piss.i'd love to get a big red envelope from you full of inspiration so we can start working together to get each other off!++$++20
"is that her?" asks the man next to me, pointing over at the girl standing in the snow fussing with her phone."yeah, remember the boss doesn't want her hurt until after daddy pays up." i tell him as i climb out of the van.i cross the street behind you, slowly making my way to you as i look out for witnesses. i can hear you saying something to yourself as you continue to tap the phone's screen, but its nothing important."shut the fuck up." i whisper in your ear, wrapping an arm around your waist and pressing the blade of a knife against your throat. "make one squeak and i'll open a new fuck hole for you."i hear you whimper a sob but you do nothing else as the van pulls up. i toss you in the back and climb up after you. the other man looks back at you with a toothy grin. "if daddy doesn't pay we can always sell her ass, i've got five bucks."++$++20
the last post i can find is from a year ago, so i was wondering if you can help me out. we're on a stop over at ~7 am and have to back before ~12 pm, is there somewhere to get edibles/rent vaporizers? shops opening at 10 am are sadly out of the question as there won't be enough time. unfortunately we don't smoke or know how to roll :(the only place i can find is prix d'ami from that year old post but i can't find any mentions of edibles or vaporizers.any and all help would be appreciated. hopefully my google-fu was good and i'm not boring you with a question you've answered a million times before. if i have, i apologize.++$++20
hey everyone! my lo turned 4 months sunday and i took him to the drs for his 4 month shots. at his 2 month appointment, i told the doctor about how much he has been spitting up, and so he changed his formula to similac for spit up. for the first month, he did really well. hardly spit up and when he did, it wasn't much. but this past month has been horrible! he spits up at least 3 or 4 times after each feeding and its a pretty good amount. he's super fussy before and after he spits up. i took him in on thursday for it and the doctor prescribed him zantac. he had been taking it and i haven't seen a difference in the spitting up. so today, when i took him in, i took him to see a different doctor at the practice and she changed his formula to nutramigen. i don't know if it's that he's not used to it or what but he usually drinks 4-6oz and with this formula, he starts screaming and crying after 2.5 - 3. so i stop at that, thinking he doesn't want anymore. and he's still spitting up. about an hour ago, he spit up and it came out of his mouth and nose. i'm thinking about switching back to similac for spit up until i can get him back into the doctors. what do you guys think? do babies usually not want as much formula when they're switched to a new one? the doctor showed me his growth chart and he's doing really good, so she said that he's definitely getting enough to eat even with spitting up that much. it makes me start to think i'm overreacting. i know babies spit up a lot but this seems excessive. and i feel like it hurts him. a lot of times, i hear like if he's going to spit up but he just swallows it back down. is this 'normal' for a 4 month old? am i overreacting? i just feel so bad and i don't really know what to do.++$++20
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* paedophile police officer kept his job years after being caught taking 'up-skirt' photos of children, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2q62mb/paedophile_police_officer_kept_his_job_years/)**  * saudi oil minister: i don't care if prices crash to $20  we're not budging, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2q680q/saudi_oil_minister_i_dont_care_if_prices_crash_to/)**  * how many of the news sources currently outraged by the torture program were on-the-record complicit in refusing to refer to "enhanced interrogation" as "torture" while it was going on?, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2q6sci/how_many_of_the_news_sources_currently_outraged/)**  * hs kid gives classmate new sneakers because other kids were bullying him, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2q6j84/hs_kid_gives_classmate_new_sneakers_because_other/)**  * "committee of inquiry" meets to discuss voting irregularities in hartford, connecticut - finds 15,668 people voted, and 17,207 votes were cast, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2q8jhh/committee_of_inquiry_meets_to_discuss_voting/)**  * sony threatens twitter with legal action if it doesn't ban users linking to leaks, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2q6gkp/sony_threatens_twitter_with_legal_action_if_it/)**  * vince carter - best alley-oop of all time (mar 08, 2000), *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2q6qz3/vince_carter_best_alleyoop_of_all_time_mar_08_2000/)**  * til: thanks to john oliver, there are several scotus oral argument audio recordings set to video of an all-dog supreme court. here is oral argument for american broadcasting v. aereo., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q589o/til_thanks_to_john_oliver_there_are_several/)**  * web freedom groups criticize state attorney general for goliath action, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2q63j1/web_freedom_groups_criticize_state_attorney/)**  * what is the flying bison?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2q687r/what_is_the_flying_bison/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that before giving to a specific charity, you should check charitynavigator to see how your gift is likely to be spent., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2q6x7l/ysk_that_before_giving_to_a_specific_charity_you/)**  * why isn't the bottom of the ocean 4c?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2q671d/why_isnt_the_bottom_of_the_ocean_4c/)**  * eli5: how can a cheeseburger from a fast food restaurant cost less than a peach from a grocery store?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q6pj5/eli5_how_can_a_cheeseburger_from_a_fast_food/)**  * til that the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2q5s33/til_that_the_parents_in_ferris_buellers_day_off/)**  * the dude map: how americans refer to their bros, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2q6k7g/the_dude_map_how_americans_refer_to_their_bros/)**  * how to make an aa battery, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2q5dmn/how_to_make_an_aa_battery/)**  * if i pour water in a glass on day 1, , drink half of it, fill the rest back up on day 2, and continue this for a long time, will the water from day 1 still be in the glass on day 1000?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2q6jb4/if_i_pour_water_in_a_glass_on_day_1_drink_half_of/)**  * the tongue drive system enables a person with high-level spinal cord injury to operate a computer and an electrically-powered wheelchair by moving their tongue, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2q638e/the_tongue_drive_system_enables_a_person_with/)**  * nocturnal geckos evolved from daytime lizards which lost all the rods in their retinas (we use rods to see in dim light). nocturnal geckos modified their cones to help them see at night...so they can still see colors in dim moonlight but we can't! copying their eyes may advance camera technology., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2q6f79/nocturnal_geckos_evolved_from_daytime_lizards/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: reduce the amount of blue light of your display device to reduce the strain on your eyes, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2q6lz6/lpt_reduce_the_amount_of_blue_light_of_your/)**  * male, 24 years old, 6'1", 295 to 191 lbs in 5 months, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2q70hb/male_24_years_old_61_295_to_191_lbs_in_5_months/)**  * [image] lindsey stirling posted this today. a great visualization on what never giving up on your dreams can lead to., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2q8c8l/image_lindsey_stirling_posted_this_today_a_great/)**  * i'm not a wrapper too, but this way it is much easier., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2q7dvd/im_not_a_wrapper_too_but_this_way_it_is_much/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* stress increases reward-seeking (i.e. wanting) but not reward enjoyment (i.e. liking). chocolate-lovers who were stressed by putting their hands in ice water exerted 3x as much effort to be able to smell a chocolate odor than those who weren't stressed, but they didn't enjoy the experience any more., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2q6sei/stress_increases_rewardseeking_ie_wanting_but_not/)**  * when a female mantis is hungry, she fakes fertility to snack on duped mates, study finds, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2q6xfx/when_a_female_mantis_is_hungry_she_fakes/)**  * first image of the sun from nasa's nustar, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2q5f90/first_image_of_the_sun_from_nasas_nustar/)**  * astronomically correct twinkle twinkle, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2q6t4t/astronomically_correct_twinkle_twinkle/)**  * local group, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2q6kbg/local_group/)**  * tesla launches battery swap program that only needs 3 minutes for a full charge, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2q5saq/tesla_launches_battery_swap_program_that_only/)**  * political map of europe if the world's ice melted [oc] [1200x679], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2q60zd/political_map_of_europe_if_the_worlds_ice_melted/)**  * most software engineering interview questions of hot tech companies in one place, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2q78ze/most_software_engineering_interview_questions_of/)**  * live patching support planned for linux 3.20/4.0 kernel, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2q5hru/live_patching_support_planned_for_linux_32040/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is the most bullshit thing you have ever been taught?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2q5zy0/what_is_the_most_bullshit_thing_you_have_ever/)**  * iama reporter for the associated press covering fifa, its controversy surrounding the world cup bidding process and preparations to host the tournament in 2018 and 2022. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2q6ys4/iama_reporter_for_the_associated_press_covering/)**  * iama grandfathered unlimited data verizon user who used 200 gb of data last month and 300 gb of tethering without paying for it. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2q7m7g/iama_grandfathered_unlimited_data_verizon_user/)**  * a user dislikes that someone is a mod of over 300 subs. offers a suggestion on ideasfortheadmins to create a limit on the number of subreddits one can mod. goes perfectly swell in the comments., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2q5giu/a_user_dislikes_that_someone_is_a_mod_of_over_300/)**  * redline19k explains how tesla will earn $100-150 million per year from one $500k battery-swap station through california zev credits., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2q7lvs/redline19k_explains_how_tesla_will_earn_100150/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2q5ooz) /r/millionairemakers, /r/soundporn, /r/historyporn, /r/steam, /r/prisonarchitect  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* boob envy (2014) a documentary on the obsession with boobs., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2q6ysu/boob_envy_2014_a_documentary_on_the_obsession/)**  * tropic thunder (2008) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2q671i/tropic_thunder_2008_720p/)**  * sony pictures will screen the interview on christmas day, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2q6trt/sony_pictures_will_screen_the_interview_on/)**  * kanye wests yeezus turned into kreezus, the perfect christmas album, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2q6rtd/kanye_wests_yeezus_turned_into_kreezus_the/)**  * lighthouse and the whaler - venice [indie / feel good / rock] (2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2q60bx/lighthouse_and_the_whaler_venice_indie_feel_good/)**  * the internet in real time, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2q6fsf/the_internet_in_real_time/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* this guy who rescues owls has one that refuses to leave, and it goes around helping him with chores and letter shredding, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2q7a7q/this_guy_who_rescues_owls_has_one_that_refuses_to/)**  * mt hood, or, usa [4272x2848][oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2q57b8/mt_hood_or_usa_4272x2848oc/)**  * probably my luckiest photo ever. mt rainier at sunset, from a commercial flight., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2q6erj/probably_my_luckiest_photo_ever_mt_rainier_at/)**  * two galaxies separated by tens of millions of light years, but appear to be colliding due to forced perspective. [3276x2928], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2q6shk/two_galaxies_separated_by_tens_of_millions_of/)**  * polar stratospheric clouds in oslo, norway (5312x2988) [oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2q68tq/polar_stratospheric_clouds_in_oslo_norway/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* i finally won., *from /r/fnv* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fnv/comments/2q52pu/i_finally_won/)**  * tutorial: data exploration in r, using ggplot2 and dplyr (analyzing 'supercar' data part 2), *from /r/statistics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/statistics/comments/2q76dc/tutorial_data_exploration_in_r_using_ggplot2_and/)**  * in a blink of an eye, cakeday came and went., *from /r/cakeday* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cakeday/comments/2q57wv/in_a_blink_of_an_eye_cakeday_came_and_went/)**  * i run into this a lot in plat, and i can only wonder what the hell they're doing the whole time., *from /r/allthingsterran* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/allthingsterran/comments/2q8nc0/i_run_into_this_a_lot_in_plat_and_i_can_only/)**  * dealing with a non-paying client, *from /r/graphicdesign* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/graphicdesign/comments/2q57rl/dealing_with_a_nonpaying_client/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* a better way to fuck with north korea would be to take down the censors and open the internet., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2q6n03/a_better_way_to_fuck_with_north_korea_would_be_to/)**  * only allow people who don't want to be police officers to be officers., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2q79ln/only_allow_people_who_dont_want_to_be_police/)**  * "we can accept god becoming man to save man, but not man becoming god to save himself." - vernon linwood howard, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2q6orx/we_can_accept_god_becoming_man_to_save_man_but/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* paedophile police officer kept his job years after being caught taking 'up-skirt' photos of children, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2q62mb/paedophile_police_officer_kept_his_job_years/)**  * saudi oil minister: i don't care if prices crash to $20  we're not budging, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2q680q/saudi_oil_minister_i_dont_care_if_prices_crash_to/)**  * how many of the news sources currently outraged by the torture program were on-the-record complicit in refusing to refer to "enhanced interrogation" as "torture" while it was going on?, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2q6sci/how_many_of_the_news_sources_currently_outraged/)**  * hs kid gives classmate new sneakers because other kids were bullying him, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2q6j84/hs_kid_gives_classmate_new_sneakers_because_other/)**  * "committee of inquiry" meets to discuss voting irregularities in hartford, connecticut - finds 15,668 people voted, and 17,207 votes were cast, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2q8jhh/committee_of_inquiry_meets_to_discuss_voting/)**  * sony threatens twitter with legal action if it doesn't ban users linking to leaks, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2q6gkp/sony_threatens_twitter_with_legal_action_if_it/)**  * vince carter - best alley-oop of all time (mar 08, 2000), *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2q6qz3/vince_carter_best_alleyoop_of_all_time_mar_08_2000/)**  * til: thanks to john oliver, there are several scotus oral argument audio recordings set to video of an all-dog supreme court. here is oral argument for american broadcasting v. aereo., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q589o/til_thanks_to_john_oliver_there_are_several/)**  * web freedom groups criticize state attorney general for goliath action, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2q63j1/web_freedom_groups_criticize_state_attorney/)**  * what is the flying bison?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2q687r/what_is_the_flying_bison/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that before giving to a specific charity, you should check charitynavigator to see how your gift is likely to be spent., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2q6x7l/ysk_that_before_giving_to_a_specific_charity_you/)**  * why isn't the bottom of the ocean 4c?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2q671d/why_isnt_the_bottom_of_the_ocean_4c/)**  * eli5: how can a cheeseburger from a fast food restaurant cost less than a peach from a grocery store?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q6pj5/eli5_how_can_a_cheeseburger_from_a_fast_food/)**  * til that the parents in ferris buellers day off met onset and actually got married after filming, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2q5s33/til_that_the_parents_in_ferris_buellers_day_off/)**  * the dude map: how americans refer to their bros, *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2q6k7g/the_dude_map_how_americans_refer_to_their_bros/)**  * how to make an aa battery, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2q5dmn/how_to_make_an_aa_battery/)**  * if i pour water in a glass on day 1, , drink half of it, fill the rest back up on day 2, and continue this for a long time, will the water from day 1 still be in the glass on day 1000?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2q6jb4/if_i_pour_water_in_a_glass_on_day_1_drink_half_of/)**  * the tongue drive system enables a person with high-level spinal cord injury to operate a computer and an electrically-powered wheelchair by moving their tongue, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2q638e/the_tongue_drive_system_enables_a_person_with/)**  * nocturnal geckos evolved from daytime lizards which lost all the rods in their retinas (we use rods to see in dim light). nocturnal geckos modified their cones to help them see at night...so they can still see colors in dim moonlight but we can't! copying their eyes may advance camera technology., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2q6f79/nocturnal_geckos_evolved_from_daytime_lizards/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: reduce the amount of blue light of your display device to reduce the strain on your eyes, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2q6lz6/lpt_reduce_the_amount_of_blue_light_of_your/)**  * male, 24 years old, 6'1", 295 to 191 lbs in 5 months, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2q70hb/male_24_years_old_61_295_to_191_lbs_in_5_months/)**  * [image] lindsey stirling posted this today. a great visualization on what never giving up on your dreams can lead to., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2q8c8l/image_lindsey_stirling_posted_this_today_a_great/)**  * i'm not a wrapper too, but this way it is much easier., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2q7dvd/im_not_a_wrapper_too_but_this_way_it_is_much/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* stress increases reward-seeking (i.e. wanting) but not reward enjoyment (i.e. liking). chocolate-lovers who were stressed by putting their hands in ice water exerted 3x as much effort to be able to smell a chocolate odor than those who weren't stressed, but they didn't enjoy the experience any more., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2q6sei/stress_increases_rewardseeking_ie_wanting_but_not/)**  * when a female mantis is hungry, she fakes fertility to snack on duped mates, study finds, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2q6xfx/when_a_female_mantis_is_hungry_she_fakes/)**  * first image of the sun from nasa's nustar, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2q5f90/first_image_of_the_sun_from_nasas_nustar/)**  * astronomically correct twinkle twinkle, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2q6t4t/astronomically_correct_twinkle_twinkle/)**  * local group, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2q6kbg/local_group/)**  * tesla launches battery swap program that only needs 3 minutes for a full charge, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2q5saq/tesla_launches_battery_swap_program_that_only/)**  * political map of europe if the world's ice melted [oc] [1200x679], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2q60zd/political_map_of_europe_if_the_worlds_ice_melted/)**  * most software engineering interview questions of hot tech companies in one place, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2q78ze/most_software_engineering_interview_questions_of/)**  * live patching support planned for linux 3.20/4.0 kernel, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2q5hru/live_patching_support_planned_for_linux_32040/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is the most bullshit thing you have ever been taught?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2q5zy0/what_is_the_most_bullshit_thing_you_have_ever/)**  * iama reporter for the associated press covering fifa, its controversy surrounding the world cup bidding process and preparations to host the tournament in 2018 and 2022. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2q6ys4/iama_reporter_for_the_associated_press_covering/)**  * iama grandfathered unlimited data verizon user who used 200 gb of data last month and 300 gb of tethering without paying for it. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2q7m7g/iama_grandfathered_unlimited_data_verizon_user/)**  * a user dislikes that someone is a mod of over 300 subs. offers a suggestion on ideasfortheadmins to create a limit on the number of subreddits one can mod. goes perfectly swell in the comments., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2q5giu/a_user_dislikes_that_someone_is_a_mod_of_over_300/)**  * redline19k explains how tesla will earn $100-150 million per year from one $500k battery-swap station through california zev credits., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2q7lvs/redline19k_explains_how_tesla_will_earn_100150/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2q5ooz) /r/millionairemakers, /r/soundporn, /r/historyporn, /r/steam, /r/prisonarchitect  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* boob envy (2014) a documentary on the obsession with boobs., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2q6ysu/boob_envy_2014_a_documentary_on_the_obsession/)**  * tropic thunder (2008) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2q671i/tropic_thunder_2008_720p/)**  * sony pictures will screen the interview on christmas day, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2q6trt/sony_pictures_will_screen_the_interview_on/)**  * kanye wests yeezus turned into kreezus, the perfect christmas album, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2q6rtd/kanye_wests_yeezus_turned_into_kreezus_the/)**  * lighthouse and the whaler - venice [indie / feel good / rock] (2012), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2q60bx/lighthouse_and_the_whaler_venice_indie_feel_good/)**  * the internet in real time, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2q6fsf/the_internet_in_real_time/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* this guy who rescues owls has one that refuses to leave, and it goes around helping him with chores and letter shredding, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2q7a7q/this_guy_who_rescues_owls_has_one_that_refuses_to/)**  * mt hood, or, usa [4272x2848][oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2q57b8/mt_hood_or_usa_4272x2848oc/)**  * probably my luckiest photo ever. mt rainier at sunset, from a commercial flight., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2q6erj/probably_my_luckiest_photo_ever_mt_rainier_at/)**  * two galaxies separated by tens of millions of light years, but appear to be colliding due to forced perspective. [3276x2928], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2q6shk/two_galaxies_separated_by_tens_of_millions_of/)**  * polar stratospheric clouds in oslo, norway (5312x2988) [oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2q68tq/polar_stratospheric_clouds_in_oslo_norway/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* i finally won., *from /r/fnv* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fnv/comments/2q52pu/i_finally_won/)**  * tutorial: data exploration in r, using ggplot2 and dplyr (analyzing 'supercar' data part 2), *from /r/statistics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/statistics/comments/2q76dc/tutorial_data_exploration_in_r_using_ggplot2_and/)**  * in a blink of an eye, cakeday came and went., *from /r/cakeday* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cakeday/comments/2q57wv/in_a_blink_of_an_eye_cakeday_came_and_went/)**  * i run into this a lot in plat, and i can only wonder what the hell they're doing the whole time., *from /r/allthingsterran* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/allthingsterran/comments/2q8nc0/i_run_into_this_a_lot_in_plat_and_i_can_only/)**  * dealing with a non-paying client, *from /r/graphicdesign* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/graphicdesign/comments/2q57rl/dealing_with_a_nonpaying_client/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* a better way to fuck with north korea would be to take down the censors and open the internet., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2q6n03/a_better_way_to_fuck_with_north_korea_would_be_to/)**  * only allow people who don't want to be police officers to be officers., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2q79ln/only_allow_people_who_dont_want_to_be_police/)**  * "we can accept god becoming man to save man, but not man becoming god to save himself." - vernon linwood howard, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2q6orx/we_can_accept_god_becoming_man_to_save_man_but/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on wednesday.  **report period:**   tuesday, december 16, 2014 through monday, december 22, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adviceanimals** [[full report](/2q9i6v)]   ---* [friend got bored with his it job](/2pz2v9)  * [i don't want to say easy money, but...](/2pt23t)  * [when i watch a video of myself](/2px1cx)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anger** [[full report](/2q90gf)]   ---* [my phone was stolen, guy scared away several freinds (i am fuming because of this)](/2peb54)  * [i get angry at myself and my mom thinks i am angry at her](/2pnq78)  * [do i need professional help?](/2pm0ao)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/aww** [[full report](/2q9d9v)]   ---* [bolivian girl showing us her pet llama](/2phvk9)  * [i think he knows what his xmas gift is.](/2px3ly)  * [she managed to open her christmas present last night, extreme guilt ensues.](/2ps8bq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/china** [[full report](/2q9465)]   ---* [pedestrian overpass in chongqing](/2pfnvm)  * [an unwelcome opinion on "nong"](/2pnpmz)  * [it's 6 o'clock in the morning...](/2q0c86)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/damnthatsinteresting** [[full report](/2q91hh)]   ---* [breathtaking photographs of the human race](/2pgqva)  * [non-stick ketchup bottle](/2pm33a)  * [vortex cannon](/2pzaka)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/darknetmarkets** [[full report](/2q97ja)]   ---* [i got caught. life is in ruins. dont be stupid in 3rd world countries.](/2pvoqc)  * [today, december 17, 2014, is the 100 year anniversary of drug prohibition in the united states.](/2pl6gz)  * [tor exit nodes compromised, operator warns](/2q09l3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dogecoin** [[full report](/2q9bz0)]   ---* [much confusion](/2q2biu)  * [dogecoin 9th most searched tech word on google 2014](/2pkol0)  * [my daughter is a true shibe!!! sadly her teacher is not...](/2pnvfx)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entertainment** [[full report](/2q92kk)]   ---* [half of dr. ozs medical advice is baseless or wrong, study says](/2ps3yb)  * [anonymous to release "the interview" as a christmas gift.](/2q04mz)  * [exclusive: sony emails reveal studio head wants idris elba for the next james bond](/2pur6o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitnesscirclejerk** [[full report](/2q93mm)]   ---* [oldfags/newfags](/2pt69q)  * [somewhere there is a kid with terrible photoshop skills and a tender, aching butt](/2ppvf7)  * [something something nutshell](/2pwiu6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/frugal** [[full report](/2q94yu)]   ---* [we saved $2,136 at kohl's today. giving all the clothes we bought to charity. we paid $242.](/2phjvi)  * [every 25 year old needs to see this chart.](/2pp8ww)  * [psa: frugality does not mean how to be poor, or how to be cheap, it's how to best generate the most value for a set resources.](/2pufk6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/glitch_in_the_matrix** [[full report](/2q91pj)]   ---* [wanted to share something that happened to my girlfriend: the homeless man who came up to her at a bus stop and channeled a message from her deceased ex-boyfriend.](/2q3pzm)  * [did i haunt my older sister..?](/2phug0)  * [mum saw a version of me fall from roof](/2pmm2z)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/internetisbeautiful** [[full report](/2q925t)]   ---* [a website that randomly generates alphabets, names, mottoes, laws, constellations, characters, and more for a story, rpg, or anything, really.](/2pwimw)  * [you've a question about something you saw in google maps? this girl will go see for you what it is.](/2phfrv)  * [instagram purged loads of fake followers. table/graphic showing how many followers the biggest accounts lost](/2pshkv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mechanicalkeyboards** [[full report](/2q9av2)]   ---* [all this talk of falling keyboards reminded me of making this a while back...](/2pi3s7)  * [displaying tf2 health on k70 rgb](/2py4uo)  * [portland, or meetup aftermath](/2q36it)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minecraft** [[full report](/2q99ok)]   ---* [optical illusion creeper](/2peslr)  * [announcing minecraft: story mode](/2porit)  * [this is what some people though a mushroom biome would've looked like prior to minecraft 1.0](/2phbd5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/multihub** [[full report](/2q90sx)]   ---* [multireddit consisting of the top 100 nsfw subreddits (/all for reddit porn basically)](/2ppn6y)  * [nsfw video &amp;amp; porn video multi](/2pzl5h)  * [science! everything science related.](/2pmkr0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nfl** [[full report](/2q9kvm)]   ---* [the buffalo bills ordered pizza for the entire lions organization as thanks for letting them use ford field in aftermath of buffalo snowstorm](/2ph5ym)  * [sanchez ridiculous pump fake](/2pkt0v)  * [the new orleans saints have been eliminated from playoff contention](/2q03pe)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nosleep** [[full report](/2q98fc)]   ---* [my daughter died on her sixth birthday. a man just handed me photos of her seventh.](/2pp54a)  * [i just found an old jump-drive left in one of the computers at the library. there are 28 files here documenting a psychology student's "experiment"](/2pzz64)  * [[part 1] of the files i found in an old flash-drive at the library. these are the accounts documenting a psychology student's "experiments" from 2009](/2q3nv1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nottheonion** [[full report](/2q967t)]   ---* [george r. r. martin offers his own theater to show the interview](/2prc7h)  * [anti-gay pastor gaylard williams arrested after squeezing mans genitals](/2pwlk3)  * [cards against humanity got 30,000 people to buy actual shit for $6 a box on black friday](/2phs3f)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/philosophy** [[full report](/2q91vn)]   ---* [introduction to philosophy: the best free online courses/resources (from mit, harvard, berkeley and more)](/2q2bvd)  * [we value freedom above almost anything. but neuroscientists claim they can predict decisions seven seconds before we act. might free will be an illusion?](/2plqe1)  * [religions smart-people problem: the shaky intellectual foundations of absolute faith](/2q000y)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sexyness** [[full report](/2q90nz)]   ---* [lauren gentile (aka lareyna lazakov)](/2psh12)  * [nr: who's this redhead?](/2pi1q6)  * [emily shaw](/2ptn26)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/supplements** [[full report](/2q915e)]   ---* [what would be some supplements/diet to combat high estrogen?](/2pyp5j)  * [is there a creatine that doesn't increase dht levels?](/2pisf3)  * [nootropics use and user demographics survey [xpost]](/2prv1w)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/todayilearned** [[full report](/2q9gas)]   ---* [til in 2004 north korea demanded that the czech republic ban "team america: world police" from theaters. the czech foreign minister relied "obviously, it's absurd to demand that in a democratic country.''](/2ppqgr)  * [til that in 1987, there were only 22 california condors left on the planet. all of them were caught to help preserve the species, and now there are 435 birds, 237 of which are in the wild.](/2phe86)  * [til a man named simon bunce was arrested for buying child porn online, and lost his job and family over it, only to be revealed that someone in indonesia hacked his credit card.](/2phb88)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/torontoraptors** [[full report](/2q938r)]   ---* [james johnson black belt upvote party!](/2punup)  * [fuck brooklyn upvote party we won!!!!!](/2pnbd2)  * [bruno is terrified of drake](/2q1ki1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trollxchromosomes** [[full report](/2q9eg9)]   ---* [they call me coffee...](/2plls5)  * [can we all just take a moment to appreciate how much the new box for my tea looks like a box of tampons?](/2pzbu5)  * [this comic makes me so happy.](/2pl1sd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/underreportednews** [[full report](/2q90k4)]   ---* [wife: cops shot my husband in head during illegal raid](/2po92h)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wowthissubexists** [[full report](/2q90yk)]   ---* [/r/asablackman - instances of "black people" (usually white people) calling themselves black to add credibility to their arguments.](/2pz0vj)  * [/r/williamshatner- sub about william shatner, in which the real william shatner posts in frequently](/2prnhx)  * [/r/bitchimabus - for all your rebellious bus needs](/2pitgl)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
if you did and have a copy left over,i would love to trade you for it. i already posted it on steamgameswap,but no response. merry christmas!++$++16
to come back in next year in mango. after great arc we need shitty one so come back pls. i wish you explore big moma grande line and etc.  ps. if you want to come back in mango you need to make wishes for 2 other people.++$++23
i would love to hear your stories because i am also searching for friends!++$++16
i'm trying to keep calm with everyone but i seriously can't right now. it's supposed to be christmas time and it's supposed to be family time but of course not when you live with a ton of ns.they're annoyed at me because i won't cook the veg tonight for tomorrow's dinner. erm, excuse me, but why don't you do something in this house for a change? you expect a 17 year old to make your christmas dinner to perfection and you're not going to assist and will just put her down for it? fuck off.they'll be annoyed at me because i've lost nmum's card, but know exactly where my boyfriend's is. wow, how selfish of me. and, of course, the presents i spent my money on, when i didn't have that much, probably won't be very good, or will have a fault of some kind. or they won't be wrapped properly! oh, what a disaster!and i'll have to be happy and pretend nothing is wrong tomorrow because they spent money on me too! they bought me presents! wow! and because of that act of kindness, i'm probably expected to treat them like royalty.i wish i didn't get presents. i wish christmas didn't have good memories and good times in the past because then i wouldn't be so let down this year. i wish it wasn't christmas at all, just another day where they could get away with emotionally abusing me and not bat an eyelid.i'm sorry for this post. i'm just so angry that this year's christmas for me will be hard. got second christmas at my boyfriend's to look forward to though, so hopefully that'll pull me through. doubt it though. :(++$++17
i'm sorry for the random post but i am just so freaking happy right now!!! what game should i play first to test it? i plan on playing war thunder first because i've played it for years on ultra low. give me some ideas!!! i will post some pictures later. even though i only took like two i think. i don't know, it was all a blur. i was too excited to take more. i'm shaking this is so awesome!!!++$++16
he hired me to make a spreadsheet for him. did it. got $50 with no hassle at all. 10/10 would work for again. anything *but* a scammer.  http://californiacrisps.com/++$++14
so i packed pogba in the free pack and i can't trade him :'( so i figured i'd build a team that costs under 30k around him as a backup team++$++20
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* st. louis police quick to release security tape in antonio martin shooting, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qa20r/st_louis_police_quick_to_release_security_tape_in/)**  * fishing supertrawlers to be banned permanently from australian waters, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2q9mbm/fishing_supertrawlers_to_be_banned_permanently/)**  * cybersecurity experts are questioning the fbi's claim that north korea is responsible for the hack that crippled sony pictures., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qacxw/cybersecurity_experts_are_questioning_the_fbis/)**  * stranger (a lawyer) in portland courtroom shows defendant mercy -- forks over $983 so he won't become felon, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qa8q7/stranger_a_lawyer_in_portland_courtroom_shows/)**  * fcc states it "misplaced" around 600,000 net neutrality comments, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qa05v/fcc_states_it_misplaced_around_600000_net/)**  * vijay singh skips a ball off the pond and makes a hole in one, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qamq5/vijay_singh_skips_a_ball_off_the_pond_and_makes_a/)**  * ireland: us courts need our permission to view emails stored on dublin server., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q9us7/ireland_us_courts_need_our_permission_to_view/)**  * report: hollywood totally lied about its big victory over the pirates, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qba4w/report_hollywood_totally_lied_about_its_big/)**  * who is coop., *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2q9c6v/who_is_coop/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk your donated blood is sold, and oneblood's (fl, usa) ceo makes more money than american red cross., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qa72o/ysk_your_donated_blood_is_sold_and_onebloods_fl/)**  * how do protons and neutrons stick to one another?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2q9yb5/how_do_protons_and_neutrons_stick_to_one_another/)**  * eli5: how can someone wake up from a brain injury and suddenly be able to speak a foreign language?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q9qi7/eli5_how_can_someone_wake_up_from_a_brain_injury/)**  * til that the amazon river spews so much fresh water into the atlantic that surface water can be drinkable up to 200 miles from shore, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2q9ww2/til_that_the_amazon_river_spews_so_much_fresh/)**  * ibm's watson on tolkien, peter jackson, and the fans. [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qa052/ibms_watson_on_tolkien_peter_jackson_and_the_fans/)**  * how to make christmas pancakes, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qb7ko/how_to_make_christmas_pancakes/)**  * how is it that the clothes and towels i've had for years still produce enough lint to fill the dryer lint trap every time?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qaa77/how_is_it_that_the_clothes_and_towels_ive_had_for/)**  * 271 years before pantone, an artist mixed and described every color imaginable in an 800-page book, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qa6vj/271_years_before_pantone_an_artist_mixed_and/)**  * two trigger hairs must be stimulated within 20 seconds to activate the trap of the venus fly-trap., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qar4j/two_trigger_hairs_must_be_stimulated_within_20/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: take a picture of your ticket whenever you use coat check in case you lose the physical copy, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2q9p0m/lpt_take_a_picture_of_your_ticket_whenever_you/)**  * progress pics - male 30, 380 to 278 in 9 months., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2q9w5m/progress_pics_male_30_380_to_278_in_9_months/)**  * you are the sculptor of your own body [image], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qbzpd/you_are_the_sculptor_of_your_own_body_image/)**  * want a cheap way to see behind you at your desk? use blind spot mirrors from an auto store, there only about $3, small, and cover lots of ground (mine is held up by painter's tape), *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qa6v8/want_a_cheap_way_to_see_behind_you_at_your_desk/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* functional artificial human liver grown in vitro from stem cells., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qabhs/functional_artificial_human_liver_grown_in_vitro/)**  * google's driverless car is now "fully functional" to legally drive in the state of california., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2q91ud/googles_driverless_car_is_now_fully_functional_to/)**  * esa astronaut samantha cristoforetti is in the holiday spirit as the international space station is decorated with stockings for each crew member and a tree., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2q9vyk/esa_astronaut_samantha_cristoforetti_is_in_the/)**  * android users - wolfram alpha now free on amazon store, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qaqbb/android_users_wolfram_alpha_now_free_on_amazon/)**  * jupiter and his 4 big moons in line formation - 24.12.2014 03:20, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2q9yan/jupiter_and_his_4_big_moons_in_line_formation/)**  * planes go hybrid-electric in important step to greener flight, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2q9p85/planes_go_hybridelectric_in_important_step_to/)**  * a different kind of map: cricket fielding positions. [765 x 1024], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2q9vhc/a_different_kind_of_map_cricket_fielding/)**  * the first few milliseconds of an https connection, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2q9utt/the_first_few_milliseconds_of_an_https_connection/)**  * is running linux on an arm processor any different?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2q9mwq/is_running_linux_on_an_arm_processor_any_different/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is the most evil thing your company did/is doing ?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2q9yb7/what_is_the_most_evil_thing_your_company_didis/)**  * [ama request] tom waits, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qaxex/ama_request_tom_waits/)**  * my final grades were made official yesterday. i'm being awarded a $20,000 a year scholarship. ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qb7mf/my_final_grades_were_made_official_yesterday_im/)**  * users in /r/bitcoin are outraged when they discover that bitcoin exchanges must comply with financial regulations, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2q9rmv/users_in_rbitcoin_are_outraged_when_they_discover/)**  * twas the case before /r/christmas vs. /u/allthroughthehouse, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qaaja/twas_the_case_before_rchristmas_vs/)**  * secret santa sends redditor a key and set of coordinates. redditor goes to the middle of the northern lousiana woods to find...another set of coordinates and another key...the story is still unfolding., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qa8nm/secret_santa_sends_redditor_a_key_and_set_of/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2q9hjx) /r/netsec, /r/humblebrag, /r/cats, /r/math, /r/destructivereaders  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the kursk submarine disaster (2006), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qahd3/the_kursk_submarine_disaster_2006/)**  * dumb and dumber to (2014) [360p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qag87/dumb_and_dumber_to_2014_360p/)**  * beauty and the beast (1991), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qaria/beauty_and_the_beast_1991/)**  * the interview now available on google play and youtube movies, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qaim4/the_interview_now_available_on_google_play_and/)**  * them crooked vultures - mind eraser, no chaser [rock], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2q9yy7/them_crooked_vultures_mind_eraser_no_chaser_rock/)**  * plini -- away [progressive rock / jazz fusion] (2013), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2q9z2w/plini_away_progressive_rock_jazz_fusion_2013/)**  * bijin tokei: a website that displays your computer's time by beautiful amateur models across the country of japan. [sfw], *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2q9zqk/bijin_tokei_a_website_that_displays_your/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* the best holiday photo i've taken of this grumpy guy, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qam9w/the_best_holiday_photo_ive_taken_of_this_grumpy/)**  * lake superior sunrise [2048x1365] photo by derek griggs (xpost from r/unitedstatesofamerica), *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2q9y52/lake_superior_sunrise_2048x1365_photo_by_derek/)**  * this car is a robot in disguise, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qapdo/this_car_is_a_robot_in_disguise/)**  * pelican nebula [2240x3320][os][oc], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qbjmm/pelican_nebula_2240x3320osoc/)**  * sunrise at dania beach by bob ingram [1,170x780], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qaj30/sunrise_at_dania_beach_by_bob_ingram_1170x780/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* diabetic, gout-ridden kim jong-un by far healthiest person in north korea, *from /r/theonion* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/theonion/comments/2q92y2/diabetic_goutridden_kim_jongun_by_far_healthiest/)**  * supporting companies for the holidays, *from /r/techsupportanimals* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupportanimals/comments/2qbmxb/supporting_companies_for_the_holidays/)**  * keen could you please do something about the landing gears being made of cardboard and c4?, *from /r/spaceengineers* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceengineers/comments/2q8xmr/keen_could_you_please_do_something_about_the/)**  * how do you manage bouts of depression or extreme emotion?, *from /r/infp* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/infp/comments/2q8wnl/how_do_you_manage_bouts_of_depression_or_extreme/)**  * [christmas really is cancelled] this was the real reason santa left his office in 2014, hiring a new replacement., *from /r/dailydouble* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dailydouble/comments/2qad9f/christmas_really_is_cancelled_this_was_the_real/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* when the first child is born on mars, we will have add planet of birth to our passports., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qa9y4/when_the_first_child_is_born_on_mars_we_will_have/)**  * next year on april fools every single country should collectively 'surrender' to north korea just to see how the next 24 hours would pan out., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2q9hir/next_year_on_april_fools_every_single_country/)**  * 'be the person you needed when you were younger.' -ayesha a. siddiqi, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2q9oxa/be_the_person_you_needed_when_you_were_younger/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* st. louis police quick to release security tape in antonio martin shooting, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qa20r/st_louis_police_quick_to_release_security_tape_in/)**  * fishing supertrawlers to be banned permanently from australian waters, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2q9mbm/fishing_supertrawlers_to_be_banned_permanently/)**  * cybersecurity experts are questioning the fbi's claim that north korea is responsible for the hack that crippled sony pictures., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qacxw/cybersecurity_experts_are_questioning_the_fbis/)**  * stranger (a lawyer) in portland courtroom shows defendant mercy -- forks over $983 so he won't become felon, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qa8q7/stranger_a_lawyer_in_portland_courtroom_shows/)**  * fcc states it "misplaced" around 600,000 net neutrality comments, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qa05v/fcc_states_it_misplaced_around_600000_net/)**  * vijay singh skips a ball off the pond and makes a hole in one, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qamq5/vijay_singh_skips_a_ball_off_the_pond_and_makes_a/)**  * ireland: us courts need our permission to view emails stored on dublin server., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2q9us7/ireland_us_courts_need_our_permission_to_view/)**  * report: hollywood totally lied about its big victory over the pirates, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qba4w/report_hollywood_totally_lied_about_its_big/)**  * who is coop., *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2q9c6v/who_is_coop/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk your donated blood is sold, and oneblood's (fl, usa) ceo makes more money than american red cross., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qa72o/ysk_your_donated_blood_is_sold_and_onebloods_fl/)**  * how do protons and neutrons stick to one another?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2q9yb5/how_do_protons_and_neutrons_stick_to_one_another/)**  * eli5: how can someone wake up from a brain injury and suddenly be able to speak a foreign language?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2q9qi7/eli5_how_can_someone_wake_up_from_a_brain_injury/)**  * til that the amazon river spews so much fresh water into the atlantic that surface water can be drinkable up to 200 miles from shore, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2q9ww2/til_that_the_amazon_river_spews_so_much_fresh/)**  * ibm's watson on tolkien, peter jackson, and the fans. [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qa052/ibms_watson_on_tolkien_peter_jackson_and_the_fans/)**  * how to make christmas pancakes, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qb7ko/how_to_make_christmas_pancakes/)**  * how is it that the clothes and towels i've had for years still produce enough lint to fill the dryer lint trap every time?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qaa77/how_is_it_that_the_clothes_and_towels_ive_had_for/)**  * 271 years before pantone, an artist mixed and described every color imaginable in an 800-page book, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qa6vj/271_years_before_pantone_an_artist_mixed_and/)**  * two trigger hairs must be stimulated within 20 seconds to activate the trap of the venus fly-trap., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qar4j/two_trigger_hairs_must_be_stimulated_within_20/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: take a picture of your ticket whenever you use coat check in case you lose the physical copy, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2q9p0m/lpt_take_a_picture_of_your_ticket_whenever_you/)**  * progress pics - male 30, 380 to 278 in 9 months., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2q9w5m/progress_pics_male_30_380_to_278_in_9_months/)**  * you are the sculptor of your own body [image], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qbzpd/you_are_the_sculptor_of_your_own_body_image/)**  * want a cheap way to see behind you at your desk? use blind spot mirrors from an auto store, there only about $3, small, and cover lots of ground (mine is held up by painter's tape), *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qa6v8/want_a_cheap_way_to_see_behind_you_at_your_desk/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* functional artificial human liver grown in vitro from stem cells., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qabhs/functional_artificial_human_liver_grown_in_vitro/)**  * google's driverless car is now "fully functional" to legally drive in the state of california., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2q91ud/googles_driverless_car_is_now_fully_functional_to/)**  * esa astronaut samantha cristoforetti is in the holiday spirit as the international space station is decorated with stockings for each crew member and a tree., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2q9vyk/esa_astronaut_samantha_cristoforetti_is_in_the/)**  * android users - wolfram alpha now free on amazon store, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qaqbb/android_users_wolfram_alpha_now_free_on_amazon/)**  * jupiter and his 4 big moons in line formation - 24.12.2014 03:20, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2q9yan/jupiter_and_his_4_big_moons_in_line_formation/)**  * planes go hybrid-electric in important step to greener flight, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2q9p85/planes_go_hybridelectric_in_important_step_to/)**  * a different kind of map: cricket fielding positions. [765 x 1024], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2q9vhc/a_different_kind_of_map_cricket_fielding/)**  * the first few milliseconds of an https connection, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2q9utt/the_first_few_milliseconds_of_an_https_connection/)**  * is running linux on an arm processor any different?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2q9mwq/is_running_linux_on_an_arm_processor_any_different/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is the most evil thing your company did/is doing ?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2q9yb7/what_is_the_most_evil_thing_your_company_didis/)**  * [ama request] tom waits, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qaxex/ama_request_tom_waits/)**  * my final grades were made official yesterday. i'm being awarded a $20,000 a year scholarship. ama!, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qb7mf/my_final_grades_were_made_official_yesterday_im/)**  * users in /r/bitcoin are outraged when they discover that bitcoin exchanges must comply with financial regulations, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2q9rmv/users_in_rbitcoin_are_outraged_when_they_discover/)**  * twas the case before /r/christmas vs. /u/allthroughthehouse, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qaaja/twas_the_case_before_rchristmas_vs/)**  * secret santa sends redditor a key and set of coordinates. redditor goes to the middle of the northern lousiana woods to find...another set of coordinates and another key...the story is still unfolding., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qa8nm/secret_santa_sends_redditor_a_key_and_set_of/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2q9hjx) /r/netsec, /r/humblebrag, /r/cats, /r/math, /r/destructivereaders  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the kursk submarine disaster (2006), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qahd3/the_kursk_submarine_disaster_2006/)**  * dumb and dumber to (2014) [360p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qag87/dumb_and_dumber_to_2014_360p/)**  * beauty and the beast (1991), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qaria/beauty_and_the_beast_1991/)**  * the interview now available on google play and youtube movies, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qaim4/the_interview_now_available_on_google_play_and/)**  * them crooked vultures - mind eraser, no chaser [rock], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2q9yy7/them_crooked_vultures_mind_eraser_no_chaser_rock/)**  * plini -- away [progressive rock / jazz fusion] (2013), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2q9z2w/plini_away_progressive_rock_jazz_fusion_2013/)**  * bijin tokei: a website that displays your computer's time by beautiful amateur models across the country of japan. [sfw], *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2q9zqk/bijin_tokei_a_website_that_displays_your/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* the best holiday photo i've taken of this grumpy guy, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qam9w/the_best_holiday_photo_ive_taken_of_this_grumpy/)**  * lake superior sunrise [2048x1365] photo by derek griggs (xpost from r/unitedstatesofamerica), *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2q9y52/lake_superior_sunrise_2048x1365_photo_by_derek/)**  * this car is a robot in disguise, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qapdo/this_car_is_a_robot_in_disguise/)**  * pelican nebula [2240x3320][os][oc], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qbjmm/pelican_nebula_2240x3320osoc/)**  * sunrise at dania beach by bob ingram [1,170x780], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qaj30/sunrise_at_dania_beach_by_bob_ingram_1170x780/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* diabetic, gout-ridden kim jong-un by far healthiest person in north korea, *from /r/theonion* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/theonion/comments/2q92y2/diabetic_goutridden_kim_jongun_by_far_healthiest/)**  * supporting companies for the holidays, *from /r/techsupportanimals* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupportanimals/comments/2qbmxb/supporting_companies_for_the_holidays/)**  * keen could you please do something about the landing gears being made of cardboard and c4?, *from /r/spaceengineers* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceengineers/comments/2q8xmr/keen_could_you_please_do_something_about_the/)**  * how do you manage bouts of depression or extreme emotion?, *from /r/infp* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/infp/comments/2q8wnl/how_do_you_manage_bouts_of_depression_or_extreme/)**  * [christmas really is cancelled] this was the real reason santa left his office in 2014, hiring a new replacement., *from /r/dailydouble* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dailydouble/comments/2qad9f/christmas_really_is_cancelled_this_was_the_real/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* when the first child is born on mars, we will have add planet of birth to our passports., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qa9y4/when_the_first_child_is_born_on_mars_we_will_have/)**  * next year on april fools every single country should collectively 'surrender' to north korea just to see how the next 24 hours would pan out., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2q9hir/next_year_on_april_fools_every_single_country/)**  * 'be the person you needed when you were younger.' -ayesha a. siddiqi, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2q9oxa/be_the_person_you_needed_when_you_were_younger/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on thursday.  **report period:**   wednesday, december 17, 2014 through tuesday, december 23, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anime** [[full report](/2qckmq)]   ---* [autocorrect](/2q4vek)  * [i love fff's typesetting (noucome)](/2pvjaf)  * [painting i've been working on for the last 6 months for my classroom where i teach japanese (as well as other subjects).](/2pkx6g)  * [the restaurant in australia that's got monogatari references from below? it's actually has an entire wall dedicated to it.](/2pnmus)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askreddit** [[full report](/2qctr9)]   ---* [what's your favorite thing you have in your 'saved' section on reddit?](/2px5ai)  * [garbage men of reddit, what's the most illegal, strange or valuable thing you have seen while gathering people's trash?](/2pjsf9)  * [reddit, what are health myths most people believe in?](/2podo2)  * [what is the stupidest thing a us politician has ever said?](/2pn83p)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/buddhism** [[full report](/2qccyn)]   ---* [i do the same thing with my mind](/2q4r67)  * [my secret santa got me this awesome statue!](/2pr7q5)  * ["at times, our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us - albert schweitzer](/2pm4kb)  * [my meditation corner](/2q0qv8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlebroke** [[full report](/2qcawp)]   ---* [in which reddit promotes and defends voyeurism](/2q03vd)  * [eli5 hits rock bottom](/2pxh0x)  * [r/videos jerks over how stupid passengers are to be frightened of turbulence](/2plvww)  * [dae kinda like the nazis?](/2q785c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/coolgithubprojects** [[full report](/2qcan1)]   ---* [isohuntto/openbay - host your own pirate bay](/2psp17)  * [an open-source rich text editor for the modern web](/2porro)  * [react-cassette-player - vector-based html5 audio player](/2q5k05)  * [cosmos develop your own operating system in c#.](/2pzbhq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/foodforthought** [[full report](/2qcc7j)]   ---* [a bad job is harder on your mental health than unemployment](/2q4bxz)  * [why activists rally around controversial cases instead of the strongest ones](/2pntdp)  * [destroy the 40-hour workweek](/2pj4gn)  * [41 men targeted but 1,147 people killed: us drone strikes](/2pys2b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/games** [[full report](/2qchsk)]   ---* [someone is suing sony because killzone isn't 1080p when it was advertised as being 1080p, and the judge rejected sony's first request at dismissal.](/2pp6nl)  * [sony refuse to refund users for fraudulent psn purchases, even when they believe it is fraud](/2pkx0p)  * [former nintendo boss thinks they should stop region-locking their products](/2pyktx)  * [bandai namco filed a dmca complaint to get dsfix 2.3 taken down](/2q46x3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewildaudio** [[full report](/2qcdz8)]   ---* [[f] bunny fucks herself with a candle [wet sounds] [moans] [hard orgasm] [scottish accent] [merry christmas!]](/2ppnkh)  * [[f4m] daddy no, my ass is too tight for you [anal] [crying] [wet sounds] [rape] [dd/lg] [begging] [age]](/2pzze6)  * [[f4m] turndown service [hotel][oral][mint for your pillow][script by /u/hornygoodboy]](/2pl0yg)  * [[f4m] bachelor auction...i own you [bought and paid for][do what i say][let me suck your cock before you lick my pussy, toy][lots of slurpiness!][fuck me hard, you know i love it!][it's for a good cause!]](/2pybe1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/imaginarycityscapes** [[full report](/2qcaqz)]   ---* [(large gif) i animated theed spaceport by yannick dusseault](/2ppyt0)  * [isfanhan by te hu](/2pz5fc)  * [accordo from final fantasy xv](/2pzizw)  * [story of the city by shan qiao](/2pkw9b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/jokes** [[full report](/2qcjoq)]   ---* [joke from my daughter](/2propg)  * [a joke about kim jong un](/2pzjyg)  * [from my 7 year-old son: what rhymes with 'boo' and really stinks?](/2pljk0)  * [bill gates: "why don't you tell me why bing failed"](/2ptcmw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mapporn** [[full report](/2qcde9)]   ---* [digital elevation model of the contiguous united states [3375x2118]](/2pp3i5)  * [atlantropa, the 1920s german plan to dam the mediterrenean (2100 x 2542)](/2pvqcc)  * [the state of alaska compared to the lower 48 states [2000x1280]](/2q0jfh)  * [hand-drawn map of texas/deep south [oc] [2979  1836]](/2pic3l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mensrights** [[full report](/2qcfrm)]   ---* [always with the double standards.](/2plxcs)  * [why i offer my seat to elderly men before women (fun story, real life gender reversal).](/2q3ecl)  * ["you do not automatically trust men around young children. the risk of a mistake is too high."](/2q5rto)  * [privilege indeed](/2q7lbe)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/newreddits** [[full report](/2qccjb)]   ---* [/r/silentvideos: fulfilling that need when you can't watch videos with sound, but still want to watch something interesting. your go-to sub for videos with no speakers required!](/2pyv0e)  * [/r/dataishot - because the mods of /r/dataisbeautiful are removing everyone's content today for no reason](/2pstjx)  * [/r/goodlongposts - a subreddit aided by a bot that scours reddit for posts that are greater than 3000 characters long and have at least +30 upvotes](/2q1w10)  * [attention all internet detectives or people like me who ignore their privacy settings... i just got voluntarily doxxed on this sub, and it was a true eye opener.](/2pkl3e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nhl** [[full report](/2qcbcm)]   ---* [oilers](/2pr88n)  * [anaheim and calgary have played the same number of games and have an equal number of goals for and against - only the ducks are 1st in the west with 51 points and the flames are 9th with 39 points](/2q5m7o)  * [one man wrecking crew](/2q0t9y)  * [nathan mackinnon's filthy dangle in the shootout](/2q2ia9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sex** [[full report](/2qcipz)]   ---* [blowjob tips to remember](/2q1u0c)  * [i'm a huge fan of edging my wife (and so is she). i don't see much on here about edging girls, so here's how we do it...](/2pu7ix)  * [my little story on how a recently legalized drug has helped improve my sex life with my wife.](/2plqp8)  * [what i learned from threesomes](/2q621w)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitredditsays** [[full report](/2qcbmy)]   ---* [[meta] "it took reddit one day to pull down sony hack data  and a week to remove nude celebrity photos" -vox](/2pq78g)  * ["there was never a 'holocaust' of jews, but there should have been and there will be. kikes are a plague upon human civilization and the world is finally waking up to their parasitic nature. we need a real holocaust for these filthy subhuman vermin. the only good jew is a dead jew." [+22]](/2prz9y)  * ["i would pay quadruple to turn every 'thanks for the gold, stranger!' into 'i'm a massive faggot'." [380+] "you would pay to make a homophobic comment?" [-24]](/2pzsdg)  * [obama: 'no black male my age' hasn't been mistaken for a valet: "i'm white and i've been mistaken for an employee before. do i get to be outraged too?" [+73]](/2pm760)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/standupcomedy** [[full report](/2qcb4w)]   ---* [ryan hamilton on conan o'brien. this guy has self-deprecating humor down to a t](/2q0tuu)  * [hannibal buress didn't have an opener in kansas city so he let me do few minutes. ama](/2psrjy)  * [hannibal buress gave me a chance to open for him after finding me on twitter. here's my set.](/2pxa5g)  * [bill burr - automatic checkout machines](/2q3zyk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/subredditdrama** [[full report](/2qceo7)]   ---* [christmas sweater drama in r/gaming. op's a gurl btw :0 :) ;)](/2pp1cv)  * [/r/holocaust (reddit's no.1 holocaust denial sub) post curious as to why so many people visited the sub. user who directed people to them shows up to start a fight.](/2q2emj)  * [reddit announces reddit notes, gives very little explanation as to what reddit notes are. admin /u/ryancarnated attempts to placate the masses.](/2ptevw)  * [some law students are starting to take issue with learning about rape law, as they consider it triggering. /r/law discusses whether or not that's reasonable.](/2pm331)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ufos** [[full report](/2qcbtt)]   ---* [a website to show to those who think ufos are bs](/2pkken)  * [object hovered 45 min then slowly decended then headed sw | wednesday, september 10th, 2014 | unknown city in california, unknown, united states](/2px5fj)  * [more wikileaks documents surface confirming the existence of extraterrestrial life &amp;amp; ufos | collective-evolution](/2pysir)  * [there is credible evidence for an ancient civilisation that once existed on mars, which was destroyed by two huge nuclear explosions. at least according to the author of this paper.](/2posnj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldnews** [[full report](/2qcmvp)]   ---* [the united states will normalize diplomatic relations with cuba, open embassy in havana](/2pkw0y)  * [north korea's internet is offline; massive ddos attack presumed](/2q3cm5)  * [claims that boys were murdered by vip sex ring are credible and true - british police](/2preds)  * [kurds recapture large area from isis](/2ppe8x)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldpowers** [[full report](/2qcgth)]   ---* [[event]approximately 100% of china not caring about your atheism](/2powwt)  * [[meta] a temporary conflict system while the mods are busy](/2pn9zw)  * [[meta] it is now civilization: world powers, what are the traits of your leader?](/2q1t25)  * [[meta] 'twas the night before the asian war](/2pv7cb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i am a security contractor and i have an rfid badge with the usual name, picture, things identifying me as a contractor, but instead of the company logo (mine or our client company), i get a big blue box.  is there any particular reason for that?  is it so that if my picture is taken for media functions they can chroma key whatever appropriate company name that needs to go in there?  that's literally the only explanation i can think of aside from "they just do things to make us ask questions."++$++21
i know that loss of interest and motivation is common when quitting, but this is a bit of an extreme. for the last two days, i've been stuck in my room switching between games, youtube, reddit and lying in my bed. i only leave to grab some food. i know the common advice to find activities that fulfill me, do something exciting. but for the love of god i just can't come up with anything to do. it's holiday, so the gym is closed. i also lost my kindle somewhere, so i can't read any of the books i wanted to. it's noon, and i'm now lying in my bed with the vision that the rest of the day will be as unproductive as the beginning. so, /r/leaves, what should i do?++$++18
i don't live at home anymore but my younger siblings do, so to visit them i have to put up with my nmom. i've gotten a bit better at trying to shake the 'perfect obedience is perfect love' mentality that i was raised on so any time i polietly ask my mom not to police my actions or words (you must mean x when you say y) i get hit with the reminder that i am her property. like a robot that's malfunctioning by not complying with its programming for preset phrases, preferences or behavioural patterns.i hate it. i am myself, not an extension of her.++$++25
my front camera seems unnecessarily laggy, anybody else come across this?++$++20
i have 10,000 ge that has been chilling out for a while. i was just wondering if premium time ever went on sale as i would love to buy a years worth but wouldn't love to spend any money.++$++16
i work for a company as a contractor, i get salary and benefits(health) but that is about it.what are my best options to plan for retirement? 401k, ira style.++$++23
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* nsa reports it may have broken laws with decade of spying on u.s. citizens, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qdwxs/nsa_reports_it_may_have_broken_laws_with_decade/)**  * due to the fall in oil prices, saudi arabia is now running a $39 billion deficit., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qdmlz/due_to_the_fall_in_oil_prices_saudi_arabia_is_now/)**  * russian shopping mall lays down u.s. flag doormats, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qdtya/russian_shopping_mall_lays_down_us_flag_doormats/)**  * norwegian trond mohn donates 1 billion nok ($135 million) to local medical and scientific research, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qe5j7/norwegian_trond_mohn_donates_1_billion_nok_135/)**  * facebook facing class-action lawsuit over unauthorized message scanning., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qd8cs/facebook_facing_classaction_lawsuit_over/)**  * phoenix suns bench getting out of shaq's way, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qdtv3/phoenix_suns_bench_getting_out_of_shaqs_way/)**  * facebook inc must face a class action lawsuit accusing it of violating its users' privacy by scanning the content of messages they send to other users for advertising purposes, a u.s. judge has ruled, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qcxmu/facebook_inc_must_face_a_class_action_lawsuit/)**  * fbi arrests man over online threats to kill police officers, after a tip-off from google - neowin, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qeea5/fbi_arrests_man_over_online_threats_to_kill/)**  * what's up with the millionairemakers subreddit?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qd9iu/whats_up_with_the_millionairemakers_subreddit/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about dolly parton's imagination library, a charity which promotes child literacy by sending free, age-appropriate books to any child ages 0-5 each month regardless of income in the us, uk, canada, and australia. over 816,000 children have received 60 million free books to date., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qdjwc/ysk_about_dolly_partons_imagination_library_a/)**  * which two are more genetically different... two randomly chosen humans alive today? or a human alive today and a direct (paternal/maternal) ancestor from say 10,000 years ago?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qdrzd/which_two_are_more_genetically_different_two/)**  * eli5 why does it appear so easy for hackers to shut down multimillion dollar services like psn and xbox live?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qdtcq/eli5_why_does_it_appear_so_easy_for_hackers_to/)**  * til $44 billion worth of gift cards have gone unredeemed since 2008, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qd6i6/til_44_billion_worth_of_gift_cards_have_gone/)**  * alcohol-related traffic fatalities by hour of week [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qcctv/alcoholrelated_traffic_fatalities_by_hour_of_week/)**  * how to diy etched glass champagne flute, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qdhsa/how_to_diy_etched_glass_champagne_flute/)**  * what would happen to post office if,hypothetically, everyone in the world mailed something to the same address all at the same time?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qcp44/what_would_happen_to_post_office_ifhypothetically/)**  * space makeup, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qcfaf/space_makeup/)**  * the christmas frigatebird has a 7 foot wingspan and breeds only on christmas island., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qd8v9/the_christmas_frigatebird_has_a_7_foot_wingspan/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt - do not put the boxes of the items you receive today out with the trash., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qd989/lpt_do_not_put_the_boxes_of_the_items_you_receive/)**  * anyone else annoyed by unsupportive people in your life?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qd61b/anyone_else_annoyed_by_unsupportive_people_in/)**  * 5 of bruce lee's teachings that will change your life [article], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qdaza/5_of_bruce_lees_teachings_that_will_change_your/)**  * [request] how do i get these wrist stains off my laptop?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qela6/request_how_do_i_get_these_wrist_stains_off_my/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* 1.2-million-year-old stone tool unearthed in turkey, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qcwu2/12millionyearold_stone_tool_unearthed_in_turkey/)**  * bbc earth: virgin births in animals are no longer rare. they happen everywhere, in ways we still don't fully understand, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qcsom/bbc_earth_virgin_births_in_animals_are_no_longer/)**  * my sister painted jupiter's storm for me. i'm blown away., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qe0wl/my_sister_painted_jupiters_storm_for_me_im_blown/)**  * christmas physics humor by neil degrasse tyson, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qde5p/christmas_physics_humor_by_neil_degrasse_tyson/)**  * the torture is over, i finally got to unbox &amp;amp; assemble her., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qdz0q/the_torture_is_over_i_finally_got_to_unbox/)**  * scientists use skin cells to create artificial sperm and eggs | society, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qd75a/scientists_use_skin_cells_to_create_artificial/)**  * how the us population fits in europe [1275x862], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qdzep/how_the_us_population_fits_in_europe_1275x862/)**  * ruby 2.2.0 released, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qcysh/ruby_220_released/)**  * i feel like i'm about to cave. i might succumb to ubuntu., *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qcvxo/i_feel_like_im_about_to_cave_i_might_succumb_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what is one skill you'd learn if you weren't so fucking stupid?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qd85v/reddit_what_is_one_skill_youd_learn_if_you_werent/)**  * iama a car accident claims adjuster for a major insurance company ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qdklg/iama_a_car_accident_claims_adjuster_for_a_major/)**  * i recently passed my 10th year as a runescape player. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qd65j/i_recently_passed_my_10th_year_as_a_runescape/)**  * vegan drama in /r/gaming when user accuses scribblenaut developers of biasedly testing food responses on "brainwashed meat eating samples", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qd4hc/vegan_drama_in_rgaming_when_user_accuses/)**  * official christmas party!, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qddk4/official_christmas_party/)**  * /u/dr_lurk_md reveals that he's 'darryl' in the mac lethal "honey nut cheerios" video. he states that the whole thing is made up (cheating story and lawsuit) and that he reported the video for using his picture without consent. the newly uploaded video no longer has the photo in it., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qcxiw/udr_lurk_md_reveals_that_hes_darryl_in_the_mac/)**  * happy holidays from all of us at reddit!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2qd92g/happy_holidays_from_all_of_us_at_reddit/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qcoqx) /r/veryexpensive, /r/extrawoods, /r/talesfromretail, /r/synthrecipes, /r/streetfoodartists  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* poverty, inc. official trailer - (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qd3pv/poverty_inc_official_trailer_2014/)**  * toy story (1995) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qdner/toy_story_1995_720p/)**  * the interview (2014) 1080p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qdil1/the_interview_2014_1080p/)**  * rocky iv poster by jason edmiston, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qd2pg/rocky_iv_poster_by_jason_edmiston/)**  * arctic monkeys - balaclava [indie rock], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qdabx/arctic_monkeys_balaclava_indie_rock/)**  * mick jenkins -- black sheep [hip-hop/chill] (2014) off of one of the best mixtapes from this year, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qd3zn/mick_jenkins_black_sheep_hiphopchill_2014_off_of/)**  * generate a maze and watch an ai attempt to solve it, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qcbo2/generate_a_maze_and_watch_an_ai_attempt_to_solve/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* made me aww when my friend told me., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qedbg/made_me_aww_when_my_friend_told_me/)**  * yosemite tunnel view - tried to click good pic but i'm still a beginner 2112x1408, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qditn/yosemite_tunnel_view_tried_to_click_good_pic_but/)**  * my so got a me a used book for xmas; with a surprising signature..., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qctn9/my_so_got_a_me_a_used_book_for_xmas_with_a/)**  * apollo 8: christmas at the moon [os] [3000x2400], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qczt3/apollo_8_christmas_at_the_moon_os_3000x2400/)**  * when the sky is like this i get lost and can't stop staring...[1126x640] (oc), *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qc6vb/when_the_sky_is_like_this_i_get_lost_and_cant/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* damaged skin at root of breast from years of wearing the wrong bras..., *from /r/abrathatfits* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/abrathatfits/comments/2qcmu6/damaged_skin_at_root_of_breast_from_years_of/)**  * got a few rx to keep me busy -- merry christmas one and all !!!, *from /r/drugstashes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/drugstashes/comments/2qeala/got_a_few_rx_to_keep_me_busy_merry_christmas_one/)**  * sid meier's civilization: beyond earth [steam key], *from /r/randomactsofgaming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofgaming/comments/2qd50m/sid_meiers_civilization_beyond_earth_steam_key/)**  * [trigger] nsfl/gross that is what you're really afraid of., *from /r/trypophobia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/trypophobia/comments/2qd22g/trigger_nsflgross_that_is_what_youre_really/)**  * ice cream label for mom, *from /r/design_critiques* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/design_critiques/comments/2qdsug/ice_cream_label_for_mom/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* sony honeydicked us into watching the interveiw, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qd74s/sony_honeydicked_us_into_watching_the_interveiw/)**  * put a copyright watermark on every single original reddit post so buzzfeed will soon run out of material and go bankrupt, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qdv1l/put_a_copyright_watermark_on_every_single/)**  * "an optimist believes we live in the best possible of worlds. a pessimist fears that this is true".  james branch cabell, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qct90/an_optimist_believes_we_live_in_the_best_possible/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* nsa reports it may have broken laws with decade of spying on u.s. citizens, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qdwxs/nsa_reports_it_may_have_broken_laws_with_decade/)**  * due to the fall in oil prices, saudi arabia is now running a $39 billion deficit., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qdmlz/due_to_the_fall_in_oil_prices_saudi_arabia_is_now/)**  * russian shopping mall lays down u.s. flag doormats, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qdtya/russian_shopping_mall_lays_down_us_flag_doormats/)**  * norwegian trond mohn donates 1 billion nok ($135 million) to local medical and scientific research, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qe5j7/norwegian_trond_mohn_donates_1_billion_nok_135/)**  * facebook facing class-action lawsuit over unauthorized message scanning., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qd8cs/facebook_facing_classaction_lawsuit_over/)**  * phoenix suns bench getting out of shaq's way, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qdtv3/phoenix_suns_bench_getting_out_of_shaqs_way/)**  * facebook inc must face a class action lawsuit accusing it of violating its users' privacy by scanning the content of messages they send to other users for advertising purposes, a u.s. judge has ruled, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qcxmu/facebook_inc_must_face_a_class_action_lawsuit/)**  * fbi arrests man over online threats to kill police officers, after a tip-off from google - neowin, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qeea5/fbi_arrests_man_over_online_threats_to_kill/)**  * what's up with the millionairemakers subreddit?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qd9iu/whats_up_with_the_millionairemakers_subreddit/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk about dolly parton's imagination library, a charity which promotes child literacy by sending free, age-appropriate books to any child ages 0-5 each month regardless of income in the us, uk, canada, and australia. over 816,000 children have received 60 million free books to date., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qdjwc/ysk_about_dolly_partons_imagination_library_a/)**  * which two are more genetically different... two randomly chosen humans alive today? or a human alive today and a direct (paternal/maternal) ancestor from say 10,000 years ago?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qdrzd/which_two_are_more_genetically_different_two/)**  * eli5 why does it appear so easy for hackers to shut down multimillion dollar services like psn and xbox live?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qdtcq/eli5_why_does_it_appear_so_easy_for_hackers_to/)**  * til $44 billion worth of gift cards have gone unredeemed since 2008, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qd6i6/til_44_billion_worth_of_gift_cards_have_gone/)**  * alcohol-related traffic fatalities by hour of week [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qcctv/alcoholrelated_traffic_fatalities_by_hour_of_week/)**  * how to diy etched glass champagne flute, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qdhsa/how_to_diy_etched_glass_champagne_flute/)**  * what would happen to post office if,hypothetically, everyone in the world mailed something to the same address all at the same time?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qcp44/what_would_happen_to_post_office_ifhypothetically/)**  * space makeup, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qcfaf/space_makeup/)**  * the christmas frigatebird has a 7 foot wingspan and breeds only on christmas island., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qd8v9/the_christmas_frigatebird_has_a_7_foot_wingspan/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt - do not put the boxes of the items you receive today out with the trash., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qd989/lpt_do_not_put_the_boxes_of_the_items_you_receive/)**  * anyone else annoyed by unsupportive people in your life?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qd61b/anyone_else_annoyed_by_unsupportive_people_in/)**  * 5 of bruce lee's teachings that will change your life [article], *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qdaza/5_of_bruce_lees_teachings_that_will_change_your/)**  * [request] how do i get these wrist stains off my laptop?, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qela6/request_how_do_i_get_these_wrist_stains_off_my/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* 1.2-million-year-old stone tool unearthed in turkey, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qcwu2/12millionyearold_stone_tool_unearthed_in_turkey/)**  * bbc earth: virgin births in animals are no longer rare. they happen everywhere, in ways we still don't fully understand, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qcsom/bbc_earth_virgin_births_in_animals_are_no_longer/)**  * my sister painted jupiter's storm for me. i'm blown away., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qe0wl/my_sister_painted_jupiters_storm_for_me_im_blown/)**  * christmas physics humor by neil degrasse tyson, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qde5p/christmas_physics_humor_by_neil_degrasse_tyson/)**  * the torture is over, i finally got to unbox &amp;amp; assemble her., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qdz0q/the_torture_is_over_i_finally_got_to_unbox/)**  * scientists use skin cells to create artificial sperm and eggs | society, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qd75a/scientists_use_skin_cells_to_create_artificial/)**  * how the us population fits in europe [1275x862], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qdzep/how_the_us_population_fits_in_europe_1275x862/)**  * ruby 2.2.0 released, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qcysh/ruby_220_released/)**  * i feel like i'm about to cave. i might succumb to ubuntu., *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qcvxo/i_feel_like_im_about_to_cave_i_might_succumb_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, what is one skill you'd learn if you weren't so fucking stupid?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qd85v/reddit_what_is_one_skill_youd_learn_if_you_werent/)**  * iama a car accident claims adjuster for a major insurance company ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qdklg/iama_a_car_accident_claims_adjuster_for_a_major/)**  * i recently passed my 10th year as a runescape player. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qd65j/i_recently_passed_my_10th_year_as_a_runescape/)**  * vegan drama in /r/gaming when user accuses scribblenaut developers of biasedly testing food responses on "brainwashed meat eating samples", *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qd4hc/vegan_drama_in_rgaming_when_user_accuses/)**  * official christmas party!, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qddk4/official_christmas_party/)**  * /u/dr_lurk_md reveals that he's 'darryl' in the mac lethal "honey nut cheerios" video. he states that the whole thing is made up (cheating story and lawsuit) and that he reported the video for using his picture without consent. the newly uploaded video no longer has the photo in it., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qcxiw/udr_lurk_md_reveals_that_hes_darryl_in_the_mac/)**  * happy holidays from all of us at reddit!, *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2qd92g/happy_holidays_from_all_of_us_at_reddit/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qcoqx) /r/veryexpensive, /r/extrawoods, /r/talesfromretail, /r/synthrecipes, /r/streetfoodartists  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* poverty, inc. official trailer - (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qd3pv/poverty_inc_official_trailer_2014/)**  * toy story (1995) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qdner/toy_story_1995_720p/)**  * the interview (2014) 1080p, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qdil1/the_interview_2014_1080p/)**  * rocky iv poster by jason edmiston, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qd2pg/rocky_iv_poster_by_jason_edmiston/)**  * arctic monkeys - balaclava [indie rock], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qdabx/arctic_monkeys_balaclava_indie_rock/)**  * mick jenkins -- black sheep [hip-hop/chill] (2014) off of one of the best mixtapes from this year, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qd3zn/mick_jenkins_black_sheep_hiphopchill_2014_off_of/)**  * generate a maze and watch an ai attempt to solve it, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qcbo2/generate_a_maze_and_watch_an_ai_attempt_to_solve/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* made me aww when my friend told me., *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qedbg/made_me_aww_when_my_friend_told_me/)**  * yosemite tunnel view - tried to click good pic but i'm still a beginner 2112x1408, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qditn/yosemite_tunnel_view_tried_to_click_good_pic_but/)**  * my so got a me a used book for xmas; with a surprising signature..., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qctn9/my_so_got_a_me_a_used_book_for_xmas_with_a/)**  * apollo 8: christmas at the moon [os] [3000x2400], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qczt3/apollo_8_christmas_at_the_moon_os_3000x2400/)**  * when the sky is like this i get lost and can't stop staring...[1126x640] (oc), *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qc6vb/when_the_sky_is_like_this_i_get_lost_and_cant/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* damaged skin at root of breast from years of wearing the wrong bras..., *from /r/abrathatfits* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/abrathatfits/comments/2qcmu6/damaged_skin_at_root_of_breast_from_years_of/)**  * got a few rx to keep me busy -- merry christmas one and all !!!, *from /r/drugstashes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/drugstashes/comments/2qeala/got_a_few_rx_to_keep_me_busy_merry_christmas_one/)**  * sid meier's civilization: beyond earth [steam key], *from /r/randomactsofgaming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofgaming/comments/2qd50m/sid_meiers_civilization_beyond_earth_steam_key/)**  * [trigger] nsfl/gross that is what you're really afraid of., *from /r/trypophobia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/trypophobia/comments/2qd22g/trigger_nsflgross_that_is_what_youre_really/)**  * ice cream label for mom, *from /r/design_critiques* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/design_critiques/comments/2qdsug/ice_cream_label_for_mom/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* sony honeydicked us into watching the interveiw, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qd74s/sony_honeydicked_us_into_watching_the_interveiw/)**  * put a copyright watermark on every single original reddit post so buzzfeed will soon run out of material and go bankrupt, *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qdv1l/put_a_copyright_watermark_on_every_single/)**  * "an optimist believes we live in the best possible of worlds. a pessimist fears that this is true".  james branch cabell, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qct90/an_optimist_believes_we_live_in_the_best_possible/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
okay, so i have some hobbies like nintendo and some personal projects like building models and hiking. i went to university and came back and now all my friends like different things so it is hard to connect. i can't really contribute to discussions because i don't get inside jokes and stuff, and it is becoming really difficult to keep up. like one friend will be really into this game series, then beat the entire series in one day. i don't have time or money for that and would rather dislike spending that much time on video games! then another friend will be super into this anime series or this tv show. now, if i watch the series, i'm alienating myself from all of my other friends by focusing on just one, and honestly, most of the time the tv show or video game only interests me transiently.there are certain games i like to play and shows that i like to watch, but i don't like really watching a tv show or playing a game by myself just so that i can talk about something with friends. sometimes i play a game and i do so terribly compared to my friends that i sort of hate it. it's hard to get people to do things like skating, gathering together for a party, or even hiking anymore. i want to hang out with more girls, but it seems like most of the girls i knew from when i was younger are dating already and i feel like it's hard to form connections with girls specifically who have not really shared that past with me just because i have to basically chase after their hobbies to be able to talk with them about anything.not many people are more than transiently interested in my hobby projects, what i watch, or even what i play. has anybody had a similar problem and found a good balance or have any tips?++$++22
you know, in that one scene when their at the banquet and the guard dies of ricin poisoning and kills another guard in the process. thanks.++$++14
so, as i wander lately i'm vaping 55p/45v doge autumn juice from a nautilus (1.6 ohm bvc) hooked to an mvp2 at 7 watts.  nic level is 12mg/ml.  i'm noticing more and more as i quit smoking that it seems to hit harder in my throat.  am i doing something wrong here?  should i be hydrating more, stepping down my nicotine, i generally replace my coils about every ten days/as needed when flavors start to taste like fire.  seriously, other than this i've noticed zero side effects, and this is getting rather unnerving.++$++21
i think they can be really useful, but i don't see them being used enough for my taste. this post is about how i use them and how *you* use them.first of all, in case you don't know: in the upper right corner there are 3 symbols: a green "go", a red "don't go" or "stop" and a blue "i'm on my way."* scenario 1: i play as catherine, and as the game starts i place an "omw" symbol on the location i'm heading to jungle. that way, if there's another jungler we can do our thing more efficiently, without heading in the same way.* scenario 2: let's say i'm beating a monster in the jungle and a team mate arrives later and tries to "steal" my kill (thus leaving me without the gold and/or health). i'd place a "stop" sign to let him know he should go someplace else.* scenario 3: let's say there's a laner in the jungle at the beginning of the game, trying to kill a monster. i'd place a "stop" symbol where he is and immediately after a "go" symbol on the lane. i had a laner do this to me as i was trying to help him kill some creeps on the lane. he placed a "stop" sign where i was and then a go in the jungle. i thought "fair enough", and off i went.* scenario 4: you are hidden near the lane, and there are 2 rivals on sight and 1 team mate, all on the lane. if i identify a target that's going to end up dead, i place a "go" symbol on him, then wait for my laner to move in his direction, and i'll strike with a stun. that way, we can coordinate to get a kill instead of each one of us fighting a different rival, which isn't efficient at all.* scenario 5: i'm jungling and i see on the minimap that a team mate is running away from 1 or 2 rivals. i'd place an "omw" symbol where he is to let him know that support is coming. he'll decide whether to keep running if he's low on health or if he stays, trying to get a kill.* scenario 6: when i'm with a team mate finishing an important kill (e.g., a minion mine, a turret, the kraken) and i think we should go someplace else immediately after the kill, i'd place a "go" symbol on that location. * scenario 7: as i arrive to help a team mate in need, and i see we're getting overran by our rivals, i'd place a "don't go" symbol. now for the important part: *i might do a stun attack on one of this rivals anyway*, but it's only to stop him and/or intimidate him in order to save my team mate. as catherine, i can take a lot of damage, so i can jump in the middle of 2 rivals but still come out in one piece. however, i've seen several team mates read my stun attack as "here we go, let's attack these 2 rivals even though i'm one strike away from death." if you're low on health, being chased by 1 or 2, and i arrive with a stun attack, please just keep running. i'm trying to save you. after the stun attack, chances are that i'm going to be running right behind you.* final note: if you start attacking the kraken and you get several "don't go" symbols on her, it's highly likely that those symbols are right. either the person who placed them knows the enemy is around, maybe he has just checked the stats and sees that all enemies are alive, or maybe it doesn't make sense that you are alone trying to steal the kraken. so just stop attacking her and move on to something else.again, this might be a bit catherine-oriented, but i thought it would be good to read how you use the symbols. i've found that effective communication makes a huge difference in the game and i love it when i have team mates that communicate as needed. reading and using your symbols correctly could well be the difference between winning and losing, especially in close games.++$++30
hey everyone, quick question. i have a sigelei 150w on its way but the only rdas i use are a magma and plumeveil. the plumeveil is always leaking on me so i'm wondering if there's anything like the magma out there that offers deep juice wells with more airflow? i don't think my magma is going to provide the airflow at the 50-70 watts i'd like to run the sigelei at. thanks!++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on friday.  **report period:**   thursday, december 18, 2014 through wednesday, december 24, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canada** [[full report](/2qfhkj)]   ---* [merry christmas canada!](/2qa1k2)  * [canada, don't be duped into us-style anti-terrorism laws](/2psrbp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/crazyideas** [[full report](/2qfett)]   ---* [send james franco and seth rogen to north korea to formally apologize for the interview, and then have them actually assassinate kim jong un.](/2pqdhd)  * [sony should recover their expenses by capturing kim jong-un and airing a reality show special where he is trapped in a house with kanye west until one of them agrees to make a five-minute video declaring their ultimate inferiority to the other.](/2pt5um)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/drugs** [[full report](/2qffus)]   ---* [maps receives $2 million grant from colorado for study of medical marijuana for ptsd](/2ppzba)  * [journalist gets high while reporting next to pile of burning drugs](/2q3461)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entrepreneur** [[full report](/2qfcxn)]   ---* [i set myself a goal of earning $1k outside of the day job this year. finished around $1.7k. full report below.](/2pyspm)  * [from alibaba skeptic, to top 1% selling amazon product in around a month, ama](/2pm5db)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/futurology** [[full report](/2qfbjo)]   ---* [tesla launches battery swap program that only needs 3 minutes for a full charge](/2q5saq)  * [researchers make bittorrent anonymous and impossible to shut down](/2pol3j)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gifs** [[full report](/2qg73w)]   ---* [merry christmas from charlie the venus flytrap!!!](/2pvojg)  * [high jump](/2pz4u1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/hiphopheads** [[full report](/2qfjj0)]   ---* [yesterday ghostface killah performed at a toasted sandwich shop called toastface grillah.](/2q2o0y)  * [someone made a christmas album out of yeezus](/2q5cv9)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/historyporn** [[full report](/2qf95s)]   ---* [on april 6, 1994, a group of hutu began slaughtering the tutsi in the african country of rwanda. the bloody foot prints of children attempting to escape the slaughter by climbing the walls was photographed by annie leibovitz. [750x507]](/2pnosu)  * [american actress susan peters. discovered by hollywood when she was 18, paralyzed after a hunting accident at 24, and dead by 31 from pneumonia complicated by anorexia. 1943 [757 x 960]](/2q0aqd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/iama** [[full report](/2qg492)]   ---* [[ama request] seth rogen and james franco](/2pmvw3)  * [hey reddit! norman reedus here. you guys may know me as daryl dixon from amc's the walking dead. ama!](/2pzrj8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ideasfortheadmins** [[full report](/2qf7il)]   ---* [start limiting how many subreddits a user can be a moderator for...](/2q1jp5)  * [give people 1 day of reddit gold on their cakeday](/2pxw9l)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/karmacourt** [[full report](/2qf70r)]   ---* [the people of reddit vs. mods of /r/dataisbeautiful for felony grand theft karma, mod abuse, bystander apathy, and liarliarpantsonfire.gif](/2psh9c)  * [the humorless plebs of /r/funny vs. /u/shiny4528 for blatant grandtheft.jpg and liarliarpantsonfire.gif](/2q314j)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lightbulb** [[full report](/2qf75y)]   ---* [a refrigerator with a glass door, so you can see what all you have to eat without standing there with the door open. name it the "clear as icebox"](/2pt8d0)  * [someone should invent naanchos using toasted naan bread as chips, various indian dishes for the toppings and yogurt sauce in place of sour cream.](/2pr3ut)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mommit** [[full report](/2qf7sc)]   ---* [walk in the kitchen to find this](/2q8jum)  * [my life as a stay at home mom with a toddler](/2q7p7e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pcmasterrace** [[full report](/2qg5rw)]   ---* [my secret santa gave the gift of peasantry](/2q3dxi)  * [went to my grandma's house the other day, she still had my old pc in my old room](/2pu0r7)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotes** [[full report](/2qf8le)]   ---* ["if your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you don't have a regime." - jon stewart](/2prfsp)  * ["we cannot be told we can't see something by kim jong un, of all fucking people" - george clooney](/2ptm9b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/retrogaming** [[full report](/2qf834)]   ---* [a gif history of u.s. retro gaming consoles: 1972-1996](/2q64w7)  * [my glossy white n64](/2pntx6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/science** [[full report](/2qfgn2)]   ---* [functional artificial human liver grown in vitro from stem cells.](/2qabhs)  * [scientists thought they had made a mistake when they discovered a huge electric field in a thin layer of solid nitrous oxide, commonly known as laughing gas. as it transpires, however, they had discovered a new electrical phenomenon: huge electric fields occur spontaneously in laughing gas](/2q248c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/serialpodcast** [[full report](/2qfiky)]   ---* [pranking my wife was a little too easy this morning.](/2pphzx)  * [dana's bad luck adnan meme](/2pqkep)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shutupandtakemymoney** [[full report](/2qf7by)]   ---* [you son of a bitch! ...patch](/2pqcwq)  * [krampus xmas sweater](/2pvp0b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/soccer** [[full report](/2qgaau)]   ---* [benteke amazing curling shot vs manchester united](/2pw1lr)  * [menez filthy disallowed goal](/2pxcf0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/space** [[full report](/2qfa0x)]   ---* [full disk, true-color image of earth taken by himawari-8, the japanese weather satellite launched on oct. 7](/2pw2n0)  * [first image of the sun from nasa's nustar](/2q5f90)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theredpill** [[full report](/2qfc86)]   ---* [just dumped gf of two months. feel pretty good.](/2po9tz)  * [the proud feminists of askwomen shamefully admit that they get horny for dark triad men.](/2pvuwk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/twoxchromosomes** [[full report](/2qg3os)]   ---* [the miss world competition will no longer feature a swimsuit competition, the organisation announced | the national director of miss world america explained: "the organization has decided to take itself out of the swimsuit world because it isn't the path they're trying to take."](/2pzyg0)  * [jakarta to ban virginity tests for female civil servants.](/2q7s4w)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/vegan** [[full report](/2qfati)]   ---* [mom got me this shirt as a present. interesting perspective here](/2qb5dg)  * [this couple thought they adopted a mini-pig, but it grew up into 670 pounds of cuteness (and then turned vegan.)](/2pvy94)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/whatisthisthing** [[full report](/2qfdsf)]   ---* [beaches in thailand don't usually have purple and stretchy things... about 75-80 cm from wet sand to rock face above. best guess thus far is a sea anemone at low tide.](/2q1kmr)  * [brother found this on the railroad tracks. pawn shop offered him 5 grand for it no hesitation. said it's gold and gold plated, 5 inches in diameter. i know that's hebrew and looks to be kabbalistic. what is this and what's it worth?](/2q6jlz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wtf** [[full report](/2qg8v5)]   ---* [man on pcp breaks into a home to use the bathroom](/2pt49j)  * [so my friend on fb decided to put superglue on a cut that probably needed stitches...](/2prcsz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
i took a pair of dull siccors and just went with it,the pain was nothing,but it calmed me. i have cuts but im worried of infection,any way to get safe from it?++$++16
ok so, i just had this dream. i immediately woke up and typed it into notepad so i'm gonna copy and past from there while hopefully cleaning up the errors a bit. hope this is allowed here, just searched for "reddit dreams" and this came up. **arms - horror movie**this was all in a dream i had that i woke up from 10 (40 minutes at time of post.), i am trying to write down as much as i remember before i forget.**premise** - people around the world have gotten some sort of sickness/mutation/genetic-fuck-up that makes it so they lose control of their arms. now its not a normal "lose control" this is more intense. for one, it makes the arms extend at extreme lengths and they are super sharp. so when they lose control they swing horizontally like swords and extend and retract seeming to focus on loved ones. **beginning** - one scene i remember from the dream is a woman screaming and crying as her arms flail and kill her family and any cops or paramedics that try to help. i'm thinking this is patient 0. later there's a scene that is a low flying cameras that is panning over a neighbourhood. its gloomy outside, maybe around 10 am, cloudy, and there is a bird sitting on top one of the houses. as the camera pans over, there is a "schlink!" noise as a razer sharp hand pops up through the house, stabs the bird, then retracts it back inside. this happens to multiple houses during this shotshit alight the memories are fading and my typing is getting worse as i try to hastily get all this written.**middle** - i'm thinking the back story or something is maybe like a purposeful alien infection, where they were like "hey watch what we can do to these little people" i don't know about a back story, someone fill that in. also, it kills any living thing, you have no control over your arms. it starts gradually, like the first time you lose control once, kill your kid, freak the fuck out, call cops, you know. then it just gets worse and worse.so i honestly have forgotten the rest of the story besides the ending.**ending** - so, i would be lying if it wasn't crazy as fuck. i just want to say before hand, that i have no idea why these people are in this building, but apparently it is what will reverse the process. so i'm fairly sure there were 3 or 4 people, the good guys, that either wernt infected (which wouldnt fit what is about to happen) or they actually gained control of the arms and could use them as weapons. so basically, they are in this tall ass building, in china (i know because of later reasons, don't worry getting there). they are fighting these monster things? i don't know, maybe the aliens and shit, but they need to get to the top of the building, a skyscraper really. who knows what's at the top, probably the kill switch to the king alien or something. alight, so they are fighting, one of the people dies, its all emotional. must keep going!! (about to get weirder, yeah, its possible) the building breaks up and beginning flying upwards, (alien traction beam maybe?) and its flying up and up and... then the dream fades out. but i do remember some more. after they do whatever they do  and it starts falling back down. (well actually during this whole process) somewhere in the movie, it is discovered that fighter pilots are immune to the disease. (told you it would get weirder) and these 4 chinese pilots take f35s (total dog shits of planes but look cool on screen) and as the building is starting to fall, they each grapple to a corner of the building and its a long and hard fought scene where they throw it into vtol mode and slow the building down and save the heros. somehow one of the pilots dies, the heros find him, hears his last words "bla bla bla i saved it" "no, we saved it" i'm really struggling to remember at this point. aaaaand blam, end of dream.now here what i'm thinkin, i need help filing this story in. i'm also thinking this would make an absolutely perfect kevin smith movie, right guys? so, anyone want to get him here? how cool would that be.edit: some spelling and shit++$++16
my mom doesn't seem to see her children as autonomous sentient beings, but rather as little extensions of herself. there's a frustrating pattern that i'm just piecing together now - she steals our ambitions and wants.  - when i was 13 i joined a community teen acting group. i loved it and it really helped me develop social skills that were stunted by homeschooling. not a month later my mom joins the adult community acting group. both put on plays at the end but when i asked her for help she sabotaged me with terrible and wrong advice ("your voice isn't pretty enough to be a soprano, you should try to be an alto instead. that means you have to try out for the boy parts." she's a soprano). she got the part in her play and i did not. - my sister had an interest in music, piano specifically. she got a cheap beat-up keyboard and took to music like a duck to water. soon my mom tried 'teaching her' and sure enough my mom got ahold of a much better keyboard that no one else was allowed to mess with. played it constantly, caterwauling 24/7. - my brother showed an interest in acting as a background extra in movies. mom got herself some fancy headshots and an agent but nothing but background acting came of it. mom went on and on about how she always felt she was meant to be rich and famous. - i started writing. since i had no privacy whatsoever i'd often come home from work to find that my journals had her editorial marks all over them. soon mom started writing and bragged about being in contact with a publisher. mom's half finished book was a self-insert of herself finding that she was a child of a greek god and was oh-so-special, like the specialist ever you guys and i had no choice but to read it and give only positive feedback. - other brother started working construction. mom attended a one day lecture on icf house building and shelled out a couple hundred bucks for a little piece of paper that she uses to say she's now a certified house builder. - my sister went into modeling. again with the headshots and must-have portfolio from a now 45 year old woman. mom dishes to everyone about how every male model/photographer/everyone in the industry wanted to be with her and that's why she didn't pursue it. (meanwhile my sister's career has really taken off) - sister moved in to a new house and got to decorate and furnish it as she pleased. she wanted a square dishes and i went with her as she searched for the perfect dish set. after our mom saw them, she threw out her old dishes and got brand new -you guessed it- square onesthe copycatting/identity theft thing really disturbs me now that i think about it. there's a lot more examples but mostly in small ways. i wonder if she even has a personality of her own or if it's just bits and pieces she's lifted off other people like a magpie.++$++25
i'm a straight acting and looking married guy looking to suck some straight college cock.i host, walk in and drop your pants and let me go to work. no words, just my warm mouth.i'm 28 years old but look youngergood looking and great shape.very masculine, very clean and ddfplease be in shape and clean/ddf.uncut ++white only please++$++28
i have gotten a few trading cards from simple achievements and whatnot and i have absolutely no clue what to do, or how to do what i don't know what to do. if possible, give the most noobish explanation possible.++$++16
i feel like the media romanticizes what its like to be drunk. i haven't been drinking for very long but there have been a few nights when i've vomited my organs out. even when i threw up 4 times within 3 seconds, i never once felt completely silly or out of control like they show on tv. even after 4 glasses of pure vodka, i've never felt that way.i think i've only been "blackout" once because i woke up without socks or a shirt on, but it was after i already went to sleep.still, i feel like the version of drunk we see in the media is written by people who've never drank alcohol before. just like how marijuana doesn't actually make you hallucinate and see rainbows.++$++17
i'm trying to clear out some of my work.  i have a lot of science fiction themed paintings (such as a colonel tigh watercolor) and some various other things.  message me if you're interested and i'll send some pictures.++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* elon musk: the new tesla roadster can travel some 400 miles on a single charge, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qg2gr/elon_musk_the_new_tesla_roadster_can_travel_some/)**  * saudis are eagerly awaiting the approval of a new draft law by the shoura council which prevents women under 18 from getting married. the draft law pending approval sets the age of adulthood at 18 and allows women under that age to marry only upon procuring a court order., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qfga8/saudis_are_eagerly_awaiting_the_approval_of_a_new/)**  * nsa releases 12 years of damaging oversight reports on christmas eve | the reports are heavily redacted but include details of intentional and unintentional misuse of the nsas signals intelligence gathering systems., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qfkaq/nsa_releases_12_years_of_damaging_oversight/)**  * 3rd grade teacher wins $150,000, then donates it all to her school, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qfvp3/3rd_grade_teacher_wins_150000_then_donates_it_all/)**  * one of the greatest presents i ever recieved from christmas: my hometown is throwing out comcast., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qglh7/one_of_the_greatest_presents_i_ever_recieved_from/)**  * higher scoring offenses lead to significantly longer football games : this season's average length of ncaa games to hit 3 hours, 23 minutes up from 3:17 last season. games are nearly 16 minutes longer than the average nfl game., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qgieb/higher_scoring_offenses_lead_to_significantly/)**  * facebook facing class-action lawsuit for invasive scanning of private messages, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qg011/facebook_facing_classaction_lawsuit_for_invasive/)**  * eff: international copyright law: 2014 in review, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qftx7/eff_international_copyright_law_2014_in_review/)**  * what just happened over at ign?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qfqfn/what_just_happened_over_at_ign/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk walmart product care plan isn't straight forward, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qftb4/ysk_walmart_product_care_plan_isnt_straight/)**  * how do you know a dated-at 1 million year old hammer wasn't 0.9999 million year old rock that was just made into a hammer in the last 0.0001 years?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qfvcf/how_do_you_know_a_datedat_1_million_year_old/)**  * eli5: how does mongolia still exist today, how hasn't it's massive yet virtually unpopulated land been taken?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qfw7i/eli5_how_does_mongolia_still_exist_today_how/)**  * til a serial killer in new orleans stated he would kill again on the night of march 19, 1919, but would spare the occupants of any place where a jazz band was playing. on that night, all dance halls reached capacity and amateur bands played jazz at hundreds of house parties. there were no murders., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qfj7z/til_a_serial_killer_in_new_orleans_stated_he/)**  * most popular metal band names [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qf81n/most_popular_metal_band_names_oc/)**  * does anyone know to fix this leaking shower? the knob on the left turns it on and off and i have tightened that but it sounds like water is getting through hence the leak, thanks, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qg3fr/does_anyone_know_to_fix_this_leaking_shower_the/)**  * what is it called when a television show has a small bit before the theme song plays?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qglt3/what_is_it_called_when_a_television_show_has_a/)**  * finnish artist draws ten famous cartoon characters in the style of the then cartoons, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qga6d/finnish_artist_draws_ten_famous_cartoon/)**  * young bearded dragons (pogona spp) require a greater ratio of insects to veggies than adults do., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qgm2c/young_bearded_dragons_pogona_spp_require_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: control the left turn signal by covering the loop detectors embedded in the turn lane (illustrated in comments)., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qhfdb/lpt_control_the_left_turn_signal_by_covering_the/)**  * cheap diet for 18m college student., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qger5/cheap_diet_for_18m_college_student/)**  * [image] mj's the only idol that i have., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qfyf8/image_mjs_the_only_idol_that_i_have/)**  * not sure if it is hpv or an ingrown hair? use some white vinegar to find out. obviously go to the doctor if you still are not relatively sure., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qhqzl/not_sure_if_it_is_hpv_or_an_ingrown_hair_use_some/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* first scientific report shows police body-cameras can prevent unacceptable use-of-force, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qg9p0/first_scientific_report_shows_police_bodycameras/)**  * the accidental lobster farmers: "lobster diets consisted of 80 percent bait", *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qgar5/the_accidental_lobster_farmers_lobster_diets/)**  * my best astrophoto yet! the orion nebula and the running man., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qgwyk/my_best_astrophoto_yet_the_orion_nebula_and_the/)**  * finding faster than light particles by weighing them., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qg3wt/finding_faster_than_light_particles_by_weighing/)**  * making the trip to mars cheaper and easier: the case for ballistic capture, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qgq7c/making_the_trip_to_mars_cheaper_and_easier_the/)**  * stanford university students create 'gecko gloves' that allow humans to scale glass walls, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qf9yo/stanford_university_students_create_gecko_gloves/)**  * how the us population fits into china [1151x801] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qfvaj/how_the_us_population_fits_into_china_1151x801_oc/)**  * cello  higher level programming in c, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qgpe6/cello_higher_level_programming_in_c/)**  * how many gnu/linux users are needed to change a light bulb?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qgo2k/how_many_gnulinux_users_are_needed_to_change_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is something that at first sounds possible, but is actually completely impossible?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qfwko/what_is_something_that_at_first_sounds_possible/)**  * i have been in antarctica for the past few months. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qg4u7/i_have_been_in_antarctica_for_the_past_few_months/)**  * i masturbate with my roommate. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qglje/i_masturbate_with_my_roommate_ama/)**  * someone asks reddit why everyone is suddenly anti-piracy. one user believes that it's the work of paid shills., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qgl3s/someone_asks_reddit_why_everyone_is_suddenly/)**  * user takes the time to explain why roads cost what they do, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qf2qb/user_takes_the_time_to_explain_why_roads_cost/)**  * because you deserve a second christmas., *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2qgjji/because_you_deserve_a_second_christmas/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qfkrp) /r/opendirectories, /r/flipping, /r/vinyl, /r/beer, /r/gopro  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* money &amp;amp; power in north korea - hidden economy (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qgbs9/money_power_in_north_korea_hidden_economy_2014/)**  * zero dark thirty (2012) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qg07e/zero_dark_thirty_2012_720p/)**  * the interview (2014), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qg7u4/the_interview_2014/)**  * i was told you guys might appreciate this. i embroidered ridley scott's alien., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qgypj/i_was_told_you_guys_might_appreciate_this_i/)**  * how would your favorite artist be viewed if their discography was released backwards over their career?, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qgfhh/how_would_your_favorite_artist_be_viewed_if_their/)**  * sakuzyo - that day [classical], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qgpg7/sakuzyo_that_day_classical/)**  * this website tells you the city furthest away from where you are! montevideo, uruguay is 18,500 km from where i'm sitting right now!, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qg21e/this_website_tells_you_the_city_furthest_away/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* dog waits 8 months to find a home, gets adopted by caretaker on christmas, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qg0ad/dog_waits_8_months_to_find_a_home_gets_adopted_by/)**  * morning light over saxon switzerland's valleys. germany [1170x780] photo by stefan junghann, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qg0bm/morning_light_over_saxon_switzerlands_valleys/)**  * the look on that seals face, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qglon/the_look_on_that_seals_face/)**  * christmas aurora; taken 23rd december 2014 in southern lapland, finland by tiina trmnen [1000x1500] [x-post /r/auroraporn], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qfyqt/christmas_aurora_taken_23rd_december_2014_in/)**  * nuclear fusion reactor rising...morgantown west virginia[2707 x 1800][oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qggw2/nuclear_fusion_reactor_risingmorgantown_west/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* webpages keep refreshing on 5.0.1, *from /r/nexus7* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nexus7/comments/2qgtvw/webpages_keep_refreshing_on_501/)**  * a new study shows whites will react more negatively toward blacks than african americans., *from /r/psychology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/psychology/comments/2qg74v/a_new_study_shows_whites_will_react_more/)**  * my wife commissioned a sculpture plaque of jeb for me!, *from /r/kerbalspaceprogram* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/2qgfxj/my_wife_commissioned_a_sculpture_plaque_of_jeb/)**  * a pet is not a christmas gift..., *from /r/lv426* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lv426/comments/2qfk4c/a_pet_is_not_a_christmas_gift/)**  * harry potter is my favorite disney character too., *from /r/firstworldanarchists* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/firstworldanarchists/comments/2qg9wq/harry_potter_is_my_favorite_disney_character_too/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* most people are buried in suits and stuff so a zombie apocalypse would be a formal event, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qf2d7/most_people_are_buried_in_suits_and_stuff_so_a/)**  * afraid of child predators? paint your children bright colors so that they appear to be poisonous or in such a way that they mimic a dangerous animal like a viper. preds hate vipes., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qgnyd/afraid_of_child_predators_paint_your_children/)**  * "i understood myself only after i destroyed myself. and only in the process of fixing myself, did i know who i really was." -sade andria zabala, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qfvsj/i_understood_myself_only_after_i_destroyed_myself/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* elon musk: the new tesla roadster can travel some 400 miles on a single charge, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qg2gr/elon_musk_the_new_tesla_roadster_can_travel_some/)**  * saudis are eagerly awaiting the approval of a new draft law by the shoura council which prevents women under 18 from getting married. the draft law pending approval sets the age of adulthood at 18 and allows women under that age to marry only upon procuring a court order., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qfga8/saudis_are_eagerly_awaiting_the_approval_of_a_new/)**  * nsa releases 12 years of damaging oversight reports on christmas eve | the reports are heavily redacted but include details of intentional and unintentional misuse of the nsas signals intelligence gathering systems., *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qfkaq/nsa_releases_12_years_of_damaging_oversight/)**  * 3rd grade teacher wins $150,000, then donates it all to her school, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qfvp3/3rd_grade_teacher_wins_150000_then_donates_it_all/)**  * one of the greatest presents i ever recieved from christmas: my hometown is throwing out comcast., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qglh7/one_of_the_greatest_presents_i_ever_recieved_from/)**  * higher scoring offenses lead to significantly longer football games : this season's average length of ncaa games to hit 3 hours, 23 minutes up from 3:17 last season. games are nearly 16 minutes longer than the average nfl game., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qgieb/higher_scoring_offenses_lead_to_significantly/)**  * facebook facing class-action lawsuit for invasive scanning of private messages, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qg011/facebook_facing_classaction_lawsuit_for_invasive/)**  * eff: international copyright law: 2014 in review, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qftx7/eff_international_copyright_law_2014_in_review/)**  * what just happened over at ign?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qfqfn/what_just_happened_over_at_ign/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk walmart product care plan isn't straight forward, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qftb4/ysk_walmart_product_care_plan_isnt_straight/)**  * how do you know a dated-at 1 million year old hammer wasn't 0.9999 million year old rock that was just made into a hammer in the last 0.0001 years?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qfvcf/how_do_you_know_a_datedat_1_million_year_old/)**  * eli5: how does mongolia still exist today, how hasn't it's massive yet virtually unpopulated land been taken?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qfw7i/eli5_how_does_mongolia_still_exist_today_how/)**  * til a serial killer in new orleans stated he would kill again on the night of march 19, 1919, but would spare the occupants of any place where a jazz band was playing. on that night, all dance halls reached capacity and amateur bands played jazz at hundreds of house parties. there were no murders., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qfj7z/til_a_serial_killer_in_new_orleans_stated_he/)**  * most popular metal band names [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qf81n/most_popular_metal_band_names_oc/)**  * does anyone know to fix this leaking shower? the knob on the left turns it on and off and i have tightened that but it sounds like water is getting through hence the leak, thanks, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qg3fr/does_anyone_know_to_fix_this_leaking_shower_the/)**  * what is it called when a television show has a small bit before the theme song plays?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qglt3/what_is_it_called_when_a_television_show_has_a/)**  * finnish artist draws ten famous cartoon characters in the style of the then cartoons, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qga6d/finnish_artist_draws_ten_famous_cartoon/)**  * young bearded dragons (pogona spp) require a greater ratio of insects to veggies than adults do., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qgm2c/young_bearded_dragons_pogona_spp_require_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: control the left turn signal by covering the loop detectors embedded in the turn lane (illustrated in comments)., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qhfdb/lpt_control_the_left_turn_signal_by_covering_the/)**  * cheap diet for 18m college student., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qger5/cheap_diet_for_18m_college_student/)**  * [image] mj's the only idol that i have., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qfyf8/image_mjs_the_only_idol_that_i_have/)**  * not sure if it is hpv or an ingrown hair? use some white vinegar to find out. obviously go to the doctor if you still are not relatively sure., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qhqzl/not_sure_if_it_is_hpv_or_an_ingrown_hair_use_some/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* first scientific report shows police body-cameras can prevent unacceptable use-of-force, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qg9p0/first_scientific_report_shows_police_bodycameras/)**  * the accidental lobster farmers: "lobster diets consisted of 80 percent bait", *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qgar5/the_accidental_lobster_farmers_lobster_diets/)**  * my best astrophoto yet! the orion nebula and the running man., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qgwyk/my_best_astrophoto_yet_the_orion_nebula_and_the/)**  * finding faster than light particles by weighing them., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qg3wt/finding_faster_than_light_particles_by_weighing/)**  * making the trip to mars cheaper and easier: the case for ballistic capture, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qgq7c/making_the_trip_to_mars_cheaper_and_easier_the/)**  * stanford university students create 'gecko gloves' that allow humans to scale glass walls, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qf9yo/stanford_university_students_create_gecko_gloves/)**  * how the us population fits into china [1151x801] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qfvaj/how_the_us_population_fits_into_china_1151x801_oc/)**  * cello  higher level programming in c, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qgpe6/cello_higher_level_programming_in_c/)**  * how many gnu/linux users are needed to change a light bulb?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qgo2k/how_many_gnulinux_users_are_needed_to_change_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what is something that at first sounds possible, but is actually completely impossible?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qfwko/what_is_something_that_at_first_sounds_possible/)**  * i have been in antarctica for the past few months. ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qg4u7/i_have_been_in_antarctica_for_the_past_few_months/)**  * i masturbate with my roommate. ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qglje/i_masturbate_with_my_roommate_ama/)**  * someone asks reddit why everyone is suddenly anti-piracy. one user believes that it's the work of paid shills., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qgl3s/someone_asks_reddit_why_everyone_is_suddenly/)**  * user takes the time to explain why roads cost what they do, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qf2qb/user_takes_the_time_to_explain_why_roads_cost/)**  * because you deserve a second christmas., *from /r/blog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/2qgjji/because_you_deserve_a_second_christmas/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qfkrp) /r/opendirectories, /r/flipping, /r/vinyl, /r/beer, /r/gopro  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* money &amp;amp; power in north korea - hidden economy (2014), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qgbs9/money_power_in_north_korea_hidden_economy_2014/)**  * zero dark thirty (2012) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qg07e/zero_dark_thirty_2012_720p/)**  * the interview (2014), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qg7u4/the_interview_2014/)**  * i was told you guys might appreciate this. i embroidered ridley scott's alien., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qgypj/i_was_told_you_guys_might_appreciate_this_i/)**  * how would your favorite artist be viewed if their discography was released backwards over their career?, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qgfhh/how_would_your_favorite_artist_be_viewed_if_their/)**  * sakuzyo - that day [classical], *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qgpg7/sakuzyo_that_day_classical/)**  * this website tells you the city furthest away from where you are! montevideo, uruguay is 18,500 km from where i'm sitting right now!, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qg21e/this_website_tells_you_the_city_furthest_away/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* dog waits 8 months to find a home, gets adopted by caretaker on christmas, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qg0ad/dog_waits_8_months_to_find_a_home_gets_adopted_by/)**  * morning light over saxon switzerland's valleys. germany [1170x780] photo by stefan junghann, *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qg0bm/morning_light_over_saxon_switzerlands_valleys/)**  * the look on that seals face, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qglon/the_look_on_that_seals_face/)**  * christmas aurora; taken 23rd december 2014 in southern lapland, finland by tiina trmnen [1000x1500] [x-post /r/auroraporn], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qfyqt/christmas_aurora_taken_23rd_december_2014_in/)**  * nuclear fusion reactor rising...morgantown west virginia[2707 x 1800][oc], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qggw2/nuclear_fusion_reactor_risingmorgantown_west/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* webpages keep refreshing on 5.0.1, *from /r/nexus7* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nexus7/comments/2qgtvw/webpages_keep_refreshing_on_501/)**  * a new study shows whites will react more negatively toward blacks than african americans., *from /r/psychology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/psychology/comments/2qg74v/a_new_study_shows_whites_will_react_more/)**  * my wife commissioned a sculpture plaque of jeb for me!, *from /r/kerbalspaceprogram* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/2qgfxj/my_wife_commissioned_a_sculpture_plaque_of_jeb/)**  * a pet is not a christmas gift..., *from /r/lv426* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lv426/comments/2qfk4c/a_pet_is_not_a_christmas_gift/)**  * harry potter is my favorite disney character too., *from /r/firstworldanarchists* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/firstworldanarchists/comments/2qg9wq/harry_potter_is_my_favorite_disney_character_too/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* most people are buried in suits and stuff so a zombie apocalypse would be a formal event, *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qf2d7/most_people_are_buried_in_suits_and_stuff_so_a/)**  * afraid of child predators? paint your children bright colors so that they appear to be poisonous or in such a way that they mimic a dangerous animal like a viper. preds hate vipes., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qgnyd/afraid_of_child_predators_paint_your_children/)**  * "i understood myself only after i destroyed myself. and only in the process of fixing myself, did i know who i really was." -sade andria zabala, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qfvsj/i_understood_myself_only_after_i_destroyed_myself/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i would like to ask all of you who have been a part of the birth of a child, your own or otherwise, to share your experience if you also found it to be a revelatory psychedelic experience. i ( the father) have been exploring consciousness for about nine years. i would say i am well acquainted with my mind and the substances or practices that i have found to influence it.about 30 hours ago i welcomed my son to this world. it didn't occur to me for several hours ( in itself, a good indicator) that i felt as if i were coming back from a powerful trip. all of the sensations that normally follow a deep and productive spiritual journey were there including the physical sensations. in the moment my son emerged, all of the thoughts that had propelled me through the conscious act of birth melted away into a state pure, blissful surrender. i have never cried so hard. no amount of preparation can truly communicate that feeling, as is usually the case with entheogenic experiences. i never would have thought to compare the two.this realization struck me and i thought i should share and seek some solidarity with my fellow psychonauts. safe travels, thank you and feel free to comment on the appropriateness of parenting related posts. i definitely consider parenting to be an exploration of consciousness, and as such, relevant for r/ psychonaut but i haven't seen any similar posts.++$++22
what's the expected time. like around when did we learn about freakshow last year?++$++19
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on saturday.  **report period:**   friday, december 19, 2014 through thursday, december 25, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asianhotties** [[full report](/2qiau0)]   ---* [happy in bed](/2q4pyt)  * [limo service](/2ptfhf)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/baseball** [[full report](/2qioal)]   ---* [dear santa: end mlb.tv blackouts](/2q6el6)  * [i built a fully-designed baseball stadium in minecraft, and i thought you guys might enjoy it too!](/2qaa1k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bestof** [[full report](/2qidz6)]   ---* [redditor does the research behind the sony pictures hacking scandal.](/2pzsju)  * [redditor suspects their fear of ghosts may be an actual intruder. a kind stranger has security alarms delivered over night.](/2q32kw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/collegebasketball** [[full report](/2qigh8)]   ---* [never forget](/2pwy3j)  * [rough february coming for kansas state...](/2q37t5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiracy** [[full report](/2qilwu)]   ---* [the interview](/2prsai)  * [germany files war crimes against bush, cheney, rumsfeld and other cia officials](/2q6bk8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cyberlaws** [[full report](/2qiabm)]   ---* [hollywood's secret war on net neutrality is a key part of its plan stop you from accessing websites it doesn't like](/2pqb0w)  * [obama urges congress to renew push for ''cispa-style'' internet laws after sony hack](/2qbqw8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/deepthoughts** [[full report](/2qia6d)]   ---* [is love really stronger than hate?](/2q2vva)  * [who are you?](/2q99zo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/documentaries** [[full report](/2qid46)]   ---* [boob envy (2014) a documentary on the obsession with boobs.](/2q6ysu)  * [counterfeiting (2013) - a documentary on the business of counterfeits and knock-offs](/2q0gr0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/economics** [[full report](/2qij6d)]   ---* [if apple were a worker cooperative, each employee would earn at least $403k](/2pw0xq)  * [college grads taking low-wage jobs displace less educated](/2qdtiy)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/everythingscience** [[full report](/2qih47)]   ---* [science in the spotlight as new york state bans fracking. it is a great example of science trumping politics,](/2pw56a)  * [australian court to penalize homeopaths for claiming vaccine alternative](/2q3xfc)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitness** [[full report](/2qiq28)]   ---* [what 2,000 calories looks like from the new york times](/2q4dnv)  * [billionaire says he will live 120 years because he eats no sugar and takes hormones](/2pz9vv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/food** [[full report](/2qinnp)]   ---* [blackberry pie straight out of the oven. it came out better than i expected.](/2pwfcm)  * [my wife is italian she said we have to do fish for xmas eve, this is how i do fish.](/2qc7vq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/freekarma** [[full report](/2qicp0)]   ---* [i have no link karma - have a picture of a puppy](/2qdy6p)  * [hi everyone =d](/2pre1u)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fullmoviesonyoutube** [[full report](/2qicdx)]   ---* [safety not guaranteed (2012) [1080p]](/2px2fu)  * [sweeney todd: the demon barber of fleet street (2007) [720p]](/2pytde)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gaming** [[full report](/2qir6h)]   ---* [bought a ps3 off ebay, it included old school "packing popcorn".](/2ppy4d)  * [super mario fish tank](/2q3ae8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gonewild** [[full report](/2qimss)]   ---* [(f)eeling naughty this season](/2q16sm)  * [tits are [f]un](/2q3zju)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/history** [[full report](/2qibh6)]   ---* [alfred hitchcock's "memory of the camps" (very nsfw, nsfl)](/2puapu)  * [100 years ago today, wwi soldiers put down their guns for a moment of christmas camaraderie](/2qcd0i)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indiegaming** [[full report](/2qiajq)]   ---* [m.o.o.n. - one of the main composers for hotline miami - got screwed out of payment for performing at a video game music concert. help spread the word!](/2ptfot)  * [m.o.o.n. has finally been paid in full by mariachi games.](/2pxlr8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/interestingasfuck** [[full report](/2qieph)]   ---* [a colorado man made history at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory (apl) this summer when he became the first bilateral shoulder-level amputee to wear and simultaneously control two of the laboratory's modular prosthetic limbs.](/2ps9gm)  * [frozen pond](/2qam4b)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/kpop** [[full report](/2qifw3)]   ---* [f(x) amber shows off her beautiful legs in heels for "ailee first place dare"](/2qau8v)  * [[news] shinee's jonghyun to make solo debut in january](/2pu8ya)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladybonersgw** [[full report](/2qik3g)]   ---* [it's hard to fit in the bathtub when you're 6'5"](/2q1trm)  * [first time here just had to post this. more?](/2q7jld)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/law** [[full report](/2qib4q)]   ---* [facebook inc must face a class action lawsuit accusing it of violating its users' privacy by scanning the content of messages they send to other users for advertising purposes, a u.s. judge has ruled](/2qcxmu)  * [oklahoma and nebraska's marijuana nuisance suit against colorado makes the states look like "fair-weather federalists."](/2q6eyt)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/leaves** [[full report](/2qibue)]   ---* [you're just using pot as an excuse, you just need to motivate, not quit smoking pot.](/2qdf7k)  * [3 wks sober after 14 yrs stoned](/2pwkb1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/metacanada** [[full report](/2qideh)]   ---* [a metacanadian merry christmas to everyone at rcanada](/2q0vzm)  * [/u/sdbest: "what i find useful about statements like this is that they confirm that i can discount all your views... the latter being the case here means i can discount everything you say, unless verified by an independent, qualified third party, of course."](/2pszak)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nostupidquestions** [[full report](/2qil1t)]   ---* [if i pour water in a glass on day 1, , drink half of it, fill the rest back up on day 2, and continue this for a long time, will the water from day 1 still be in the glass on day 1000?](/2q6jb4)  * [in the "kill, fuck, marry" game, is it assumed you are going to fuck the one you marry as much as you want?](/2pslah)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sports** [[full report](/2qihk1)]   ---* [great carrot placement by fox announcer's christmas sweater](/2pzup1)  * [phoenix suns bench getting out of shaq's way](/2qdtv3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/television** [[full report](/2qiicw)]   ---* [if "the simpsons'"characters had aged in real time, homer would be 62 years old, marge 61, bart 36, lisa 34, maggie 26, and santas little helper would be 196 in dog years.](/2ptfql)  * [the office singing goodbye to michael. one of my favorite tearjerking television scenes.](/2qbm5t)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thathappened** [[full report](/2qif79)]   ---* [a god among us mortals, tbh.](/2pszxd)  * [cat protects accidental cutter](/2qbie8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/thickchixxx** [[full report](/2qiafq)]   ---* [milky and red](/2q0qus)  * [anastasia vinogradova](/2ptnsd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trees** [[full report](/2qip6h)]   ---* [there is now a push to legalize marijuana to relieve arthritis. so in other words there is joint support for joint support for joint support.](/2qbzpp)  * [ganja claus](/2pxlk4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
http://i.imgur.com/ajwc6lg.png++$++23
currently on day 15. i did not realize that getting high basically killed my dreams. so i was quite shocked when i started dreaming again. now every night i have really vivid and long dreams.maybe a bit too much vivid. it's not exactly nightmares, but in my dreams, i keep getting hihg. i am usually somewhere outside, doing my good old smoking ritual - calling people, buying weed, rolling, smoking, exploring the surroundings ect. and then i remember i wanted to quit and i feel really bad about myself. but i continue smoking and everything feels great. and than i wake up realizing it was only a dream.but after every of these dreams, i want to get high again. and today's dream was the most vivid and most powerful i've had so far. and now i just want to buy a ton of weed and smoke it all. just roll many, many joints and smoke them all. fuck.++$++18
i only like spending my money on great multiplayer experiences,what games are on sale that have a great multiplayer?++$++16
i just finished it and thought shooting achilles in the leg was pretty anticlimactic but it had to be expected. what really surprised me was killing arno's father in versailles. i didn't think shay would actually have any interaction with the french besides on the sea. overall, i thoroughly enjoyed this game.++$++17
recently i finally got king's ring without killing undead king. i went back to place where there are some giant burials. i opened king door and bonfire-ed. giant burial was near there and i could not enter...said "nothing happen"....what do i do in order to enter?++$++21
will speedrunners ever be cheaper?looks like a pretty cool game,does it have a random matcmaking?++$++16
http://i199.photobucket.com/albums/aa303/jedi_sena/plants/mangotree002.jpg++$++23
i'm getting it tailored right now (it is a classic fit; i want it slim fit) so i don't have any pictures. it's a navy blazer. hart schaffner marx. it originally cost $395 but i got a discount. i am extremely satisfied with how it looks on me, even as a classic fit. for anyone who knows much about men's blazers, did i spend a reasonable amount on this, or could i have gotten a blazer of similar quality for a more reasonable price? thanks.++$++18
basically i have two images on a cycling trip (map &amp; stats) i made that i would like to share as one images, cropping then (to leave only the important info) and merging them into one photo. is there any app on android/ios that can do this?++$++22
this is a preview of the new and improved herald 2.0. it's not yet finished.  most sections appear each day. some sections appear less frequently than each day.  each section has both permanent subs and rotating/random subs. the full list of subs for each section can be seen in the multi linked in the section header. (multis are also listed on the bot's profile page.)  leave feedback and suggestions in the comments. the regular herald will still run at its normal time tonight. stay frosty.&amp;nbsp;  [what's goin on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* instead of receiving their paychecks via direct deposit on the day after christmas, plymouth public schools workers awoke friday to find that the amount they were to be paid had instead been withdrawn from their bank accounts., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qj726/instead_of_receiving_their_paychecks_via_direct/)**  * britain has surpassed france as the world's 5th largest economy since it included the amount britains spend on prostitutes and illegal drugs., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qj677/britain_has_surpassed_france_as_the_worlds_5th/)**  * nashville police chief shuts down critic of his supportive treatment of ferguson protestors: "while i don't doubt that you sincerely believe that your thoughts represent the majority of citizens, i would ask you to consider the following before you chisel those thoughts in stone.", *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qjthn/nashville_police_chief_shuts_down_critic_of_his/)**  * woman rescues man on i-85 using baseball bat, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qk6ed/woman_rescues_man_on_i85_using_baseball_bat/)**  * sony about to get sued for pirating music in the interview, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qj1cq/sony_about_to_get_sued_for_pirating_music_in_the/)**  * muslim youths protect christians during christmas service in kaduna, *from /r/theworldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/theworldnews/comments/2qjp07/muslim_youths_protect_christians_during_christmas/)**  * new york protests against police violence attract other causes too., *from /r/uspolitics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/uspolitics/comments/2qjxdv/new_york_protests_against_police_violence_attract/)**  * scientists stunned by meditations ability to regrow dnas age-defying telomeres in cancer patients, *from /r/health* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/2qj31m/scientists_stunned_by_meditations_ability_to/)**  * water source for almonds in california may run dry, *from /r/usnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/usnews/comments/2ql4gx/water_source_for_almonds_in_california_may_run_dry/)**  * new york city may ban styrofoam cups, *from /r/usanews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/usanews/comments/2qjsgr/new_york_city_may_ban_styrofoam_cups/)**  * kodak launching first android phone in 2015, *from /r/tech* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/tech/comments/2qjbj6/kodak_launching_first_android_phone_in_2015/)**  * year in review 2014: irans spymaster qassem suleimani rises from the shadows in isil conflict, *from /r/worldevents* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldevents/comments/2qioi8/year_in_review_2014_irans_spymaster_qassem/)**  * how ebola doctor helped save two lives with drug for one person, *from /r/ebola* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ebola/comments/2qk8ud/how_ebola_doctor_helped_save_two_lives_with_drug/)**  * til north-korea and russia are right: the us have yet to show conclusive evidence nk did it. [sources included], *from /r/anythinggoesnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/anythinggoesnews/comments/2qj3a8/til_northkorea_and_russia_are_right_the_us_have/)**  * did that guy over in /r/pics ever reveal that strangely shaped gift to his wife?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qjd9m/did_that_guy_over_in_rpics_ever_reveal_that/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that from 6pm to 6am on new years aaa will tow drunk you and your car home for free., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qk8ik/ysk_that_from_6pm_to_6am_on_new_years_aaa_will/)**  * (math) do we know everything there is to know about math? or are there new discoveries being made in mathematics?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qjyz2/math_do_we_know_everything_there_is_to_know_about/)**  * eli5: if it were possible to fly a space craft into the sun without becoming a giant burnt marshmallow... would the ship crash on the surface, or pass through because it made of gas?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qjbyq/eli5_if_it_were_possible_to_fly_a_space_craft/)**  * til roger ebert didnt realise he was extremely short-sighted until middle school when he grabbed the glasses of a classmate, and put them on as a joke. ebert said: the entire world shifted into focus for the first time in my life., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qjrkx/til_roger_ebert_didnt_realise_he_was_extremely/)**  * i pinged every address in the internet and this is the result (very high resolution) [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qjtk7/i_pinged_every_address_in_the_internet_and_this/)**  * what's christmas day like in prison?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qj4jk/whats_christmas_day_like_in_prison/)**  * [haff] mal, the capital city of the maldives, is so heavily urbanized that it covers the entire island it is situated on., *from /r/heresafunfact* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/heresafunfact/comments/2qivh3/haff_mal_the_capital_city_of_the_maldives_is_so/)**  * looking for an informative social science magazine or online data base, *from /r/asksocialscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/asksocialscience/comments/2qjs0t/looking_for_an_informative_social_science/)**  * til facebook introduced a new newsfeed then cancelled it - the user experience was so good that users no longer spent so much time on facebook, reducing ad profits. - todayilearned, *from /r/knowyourshit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/knowyourshit/comments/2qj4xx/til_facebook_introduced_a_new_newsfeed_then/)**  * changed the colors of my gauge cluster in my car., *from /r/diy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/2qiqcx/changed_the_colors_of_my_gauge_cluster_in_my_car/)**  * all the different fallacies, *from /r/interestingasfuck* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/2qjfbv/all_the_different_fallacies/)**  * how to fix a headband from my headphones?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qjpgb/how_to_fix_a_headband_from_my_headphones/)**  * super easy lasagna noodle hack, *from /r/foodhacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/foodhacks/comments/2qkmtd/super_easy_lasagna_noodle_hack/)**  * in geology 'the present' is defined as 1 january 1950. this is to simplify carbon dating and the choice of date reflects the fact that nuclear weapons testing artificially altered the proportion of the carbon isotopes in the atmosphere, making dating after that time likely to be unreliable., *from /r/wikipedia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia/comments/2qiule/in_geology_the_present_is_defined_as_1_january/)**  * everest: home to over 200 bodies, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qjmg4/everest_home_to_over_200_bodies/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [get awesomer](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: go out of your way to eat fiber during this time of year .., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qjdn4/lpt_go_out_of_your_way_to_eat_fiber_during_this/)**  * new research suggests that food cravings cannot be explained by a 'lack of willpower'; that, instead, they are caused by an 'evolutionary conflict between host and microbes in the gut which leads microbes to divergent interests over host's eating behavior'., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qiw1m/new_research_suggests_that_food_cravings_cannot/)**  * [image] confidence is key., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qjcor/image_confidence_is_key/)**  * [request] any ideas on how to remove sand from the frame of my gopro hero 4? toothpick did not work that well., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qjye8/request_any_ideas_on_how_to_remove_sand_from_the/)**  * 20 new habit ideas for the new year, *from /r/zenhabits* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/zenhabits/comments/2qj259/20_new_habit_ideas_for_the_new_year/)**  * not giving a fuck since 600 bc, *from /r/howtonotgiveafuck* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howtonotgiveafuck/comments/2qju6v/not_giving_a_fuck_since_600_bc/)**  * 190kg/418lb squat at 17 years old, 56kg/123lbs!, *from /r/weightroom* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/weightroom/comments/2qitts/190kg418lb_squat_at_17_years_old_56kg123lbs/)**  * bmx pole spin tutorial., *from /r/learnuselesstalents* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/learnuselesstalents/comments/2qiyvx/bmx_pole_spin_tutorial/)**  * can't just sit down and _do_ anything., *from /r/productivity* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/productivity/comments/2ql0l0/cant_just_sit_down_and_do_anything/)**  * getting into a mindfulness routine, *from /r/mindfulness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mindfulness/comments/2qj9xs/getting_into_a_mindfulness_routine/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [blah, blah, blah](/u/subredditreports/m/youtalktoomuch)  ===---* /u/live_free describes why poor people who win large amounts of money often lose it all within a few months., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qjt7e/ulive_free_describes_why_poor_people_who_win/)**  * the worst journalism of 2014 [columbia journalism review], *from /r/foodforthought* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/foodforthought/comments/2qjkbv/the_worst_journalism_of_2014_columbia_journalism/)**  * abortion: not easy, not sorry, *from /r/truereddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2qji3d/abortion_not_easy_not_sorry/)**  * should films allow the depiction of child deaths more easily?, *from /r/theartifice* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/theartifice/comments/2qk1mp/should_films_allow_the_depiction_of_child_deaths/)**  * chinas foreign policy in 2014: a year of big strokes, *from /r/geopolitics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/2qjc3j/chinas_foreign_policy_in_2014_a_year_of_big/)**  * cmv: i think targeted marketing is a good thing, *from /r/changemyview* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2qjc2z/cmv_i_think_targeted_marketing_is_a_good_thing/)**  * sharpening occam's razor, *from /r/philosophyofscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/philosophyofscience/comments/2qktre/sharpening_occams_razor/)**  * need ideas for a tag line for a website called find n tell, *from /r/ideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ideas/comments/2qkd84/need_ideas_for_a_tag_line_for_a_website_called/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [lawyers, guns, and money](/u/subredditreports/m/lawyersgunsandmoney)  ===---* interesting editorial by a california psychotherapist, opposing proposed amendment to ca's child abuse and neglect act that would require psychologists and psychotherapists to report patient's consumption of child pornography. difficult issue., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qj7ro/interesting_editorial_by_a_california/)**  * california dmv will miss its deadline for driverless car regulations, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qk9bb/california_dmv_will_miss_its_deadline_for/)**  * why airlines want to make you suffer, or, how 'calculated misery' is becoming a profit center at wall street's behest., *from /r/economics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/2qjbo6/why_airlines_want_to_make_you_suffer_or_how/)**  * my(23f) little sister(18f)'s first choice college will cost her over 250k. i vetoed it and whole family is mad at me. am i in the wrong? need actual financial insight, *from /r/personalfinance* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/2qjl8x/my23f_little_sister18fs_first_choice_college_will/)**  * goldman's top economist just answered the 8 most important questions for 2015, *from /r/academiceconomics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/academiceconomics/comments/2qjoq8/goldmans_top_economist_just_answered_the_8_most/)**  * aside from commission fees, are there any downsides to buying 1 share in a company?, *from /r/investing* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/2qjy3l/aside_from_commission_fees_are_there_any/)**  * cutting my own hair saves me $345 a year., *from /r/frugal* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/frugal/comments/2qjgcb/cutting_my_own_hair_saves_me_345_a_year/)**  * chicago gave hundreds of high-risk kids a summer job. violent crime arrests plummeted. - the washington post, *from /r/economy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/2qjue3/chicago_gave_hundreds_of_highrisk_kids_a_summer/)**  * i think i'm doing a bad job negotiating to buy a house and i need advice., *from /r/realestate* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/realestate/comments/2qjjrt/i_think_im_doing_a_bad_job_negotiating_to_buy_a/)**  * how is money lost in stocks?, *from /r/stocks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/2qijmn/how_is_money_lost_in_stocks/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [she blinded me with... science!](/u/subredditreports/m/sheblindedme)  ===---* how smartphone use is changing the way thumbs and brains communicate, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qj3sr/how_smartphone_use_is_changing_the_way_thumbs_and/)**  * finding faster-than-light particles by weighing them, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qj0qy/finding_fasterthanlight_particles_by_weighing_them/)**  * when this post is 5 hours old a proton rocket will launch the astra 2g satellite. live webcast and discussion thread are at r/intlaunchservices, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qjghj/when_this_post_is_5_hours_old_a_proton_rocket/)**  * breaking spaghetti confused richard feynman. i filmed it at 1/4 million frames per second to figure out why it breaks into more than 2 pieces., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qjpz5/breaking_spaghetti_confused_richard_feynman_i/)**  * had to explain my wife how close the iss actually is, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qjgkx/had_to_explain_my_wife_how_close_the_iss_actually/)**  * novartis researchers take 'first baby step' toward anti-aging drug, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qjil9/novartis_researchers_take_first_baby_step_toward/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [nerd stuff](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcore)  ===---* how to fill 90% of the free memory?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qjexi/how_to_fill_90_of_the_free_memory/)**  * request a free ebook: happy holidays from the o'reilly programming newsletter team, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qjaqr/request_a_free_ebook_happy_holidays_from_the/)**  * year-end sale cheap laptops that run ubuntu out of the box?, *from /r/ubuntu* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ubuntu/comments/2qky80/yearend_sale_cheap_laptops_that_run_ubuntu_out_of/)**  * my experience with google code-in, an open source outreach program for 13-17 y/os, and wikimedia, *from /r/opensource* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/opensource/comments/2qj4by/my_experience_with_google_codein_an_open_source/)**  * [searching for software] - put pc to sleep when bluetooth phone out of range, *from /r/software* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/software/comments/2qk192/searching_for_software_put_pc_to_sleep_when/)**  * switch from python2 to python3?, *from /r/debian* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/debian/comments/2qjc45/switch_from_python2_to_python3/)**  * um...yeah. this should qualify as fail., *from /r/cablefail* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cablefail/comments/2qjrsu/umyeah_this_should_qualify_as_fail/)**  * what is the best solution to clone a full disk encrypted ubuntu 14.04 installation (bare metal)?, *from /r/linuxquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linuxquestions/comments/2qjsm7/what_is_the_best_solution_to_clone_a_full_disk/)**  * 2000a service the boys did. 750kcmil, *from /r/cableporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cableporn/comments/2qk9o9/2000a_service_the_boys_did_750kcmil/)**  * maphosts: keeping your project hostnames in sync with /etc/hosts, *from /r/coolgithubprojects* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/coolgithubprojects/comments/2qjv0w/maphosts_keeping_your_project_hostnames_in_sync/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* the 2014 /r/askreddit best winners thread, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qj0oa/the_2014_raskreddit_best_winners_thread/)**  * iama overnight crisis counselor for teens; ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qiqax/iama_overnight_crisis_counselor_for_teens_ama/)**  * i'm a lefty. ama, you filthy right-handers., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qjopf/im_a_lefty_ama_you_filthy_righthanders/)**  * do male allies need to fight mras? are male spaces needed? /r/srsmen debates., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qjirs/do_male_allies_need_to_fight_mras_are_male_spaces/)**  * gay man overwhelmed by beautiful girl, *from /r/thathappened* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/thathappened/comments/2qjq98/gay_man_overwhelmed_by_beautiful_girl/)**  * love, *from /r/im14andthisisdeep* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/im14andthisisdeep/comments/2qjojk/love/)**  * the people of reddit vs /u/ateurcooki for grandtheft.jpg, liarliarpantsonfire.gif, karmawhoring.exe, reposting in bad faith, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qjnr1/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uateurcooki_for/)**  * [trending subreddits:](http://www.reddit.com/r/trendingsubreddits/comments/2qinom/trending_subreddits_for_20141227_rletsnotmeet/) /r/letsnotmeet, /r/infrastructureporn, /r/pokemon, /r/heresafunfact, /r/willitcrush  &amp;nbsp;  [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* who wrote the bible? (2004): exploration of ways in which biblical events can be interpreted in terms of modern archaeological evidence., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qila9/who_wrote_the_bible_2004_exploration_of_ways_in/)**  * trading places (1983) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qjem7/trading_places_1983_720p/)**  * interview, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qik6f/interview/)**  * end credits clip in the highly underrated "the boxtrolls" shows how the animation is done while the characters have a haunting existential discussion., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qjio2/end_credits_clip_in_the_highly_underrated_the/)**  * korean singer, "yoon mi rae" takes legal action against sony pictures for using her song in "the interview" without permission, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qj1yd/korean_singer_yoon_mi_rae_takes_legal_action/)**  * foxing -- the medic [indie / rock] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qjszq/foxing_the_medic_indie_rock_2014/)**  * a scanner darkly (2006), *from /r/fullmovieonviooz* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmovieonviooz/comments/2qiyjc/a_scanner_darkly_2006/)**  * action park tv commercial (1982) - at least six people are known to have died as a result of mishaps on rides at the original park., *from /r/obscuremedia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/obscuremedia/comments/2qjaue/action_park_tv_commercial_1982_at_least_six/)**  * ek vardaan nagina (2005) [1080p] [hindi], *from /r/fullforeignmovies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullforeignmovies/comments/2qkiun/ek_vardaan_nagina_2005_1080p_hindi/)**  * a video game name generator, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qjrvk/a_video_game_name_generator/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [sports](/u/subredditreports/m/sporty)  ===---* textbook slips catch in cricket., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qj1gf/textbook_slips_catch_in_cricket/)**  * today is the 50th anniversary of cleveland's last professional sports title. here's the ticket to the browns title game., *from /r/nfl* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2qj8v6/today_is_the_50th_anniversary_of_clevelands_last/)**  * kobe responding to mavs trash talker, *from /r/nba* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/2qizlh/kobe_responding_to_mavs_trash_talker/)**  * @enrique_rojas1: #cubs ss starlin castro arrested saturday by authorities for questioning by a shooting that left 6 injured by bullets, police said., *from /r/mlb* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mlb/comments/2qjtux/enrique_rojas1_cubs_ss_starlin_castro_arrested/)**  * crystal palace sack manager neil warnock, *from /r/football* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/football/comments/2qixpb/crystal_palace_sack_manager_neil_warnock/)**  * most lopsided nhl trades of the last five years: part 1, *from /r/nhl* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nhl/comments/2qkgej/most_lopsided_nhl_trades_of_the_last_five_years/)**  * what are the acha eligibility requirements?, *from /r/collegehockey* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/collegehockey/comments/2qj32l/what_are_the_acha_eligibility_requirements/)**  * hans olsen on twitter: "at this point, it is highly unlikely kyle whittingham returns as the head coach of the university of utah.", *from /r/pac12* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pac12/comments/2qk7un/hans_olsen_on_twitter_at_this_point_it_is_highly/)**  * fun fact: in 2013, nebraska's qbs reading down the depth chart were taylor martinez (i), tommy armstrong jr. (ii), ron kellogg iii, and johnny stanton iv., *from /r/cfb* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cfb/comments/2qjs5j/fun_fact_in_2013_nebraskas_qbs_reading_down_the/)**  * mixed fortunes for the world champions after rio, *from /r/worldcup* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldcup/comments/2qj7s6/mixed_fortunes_for_the_world_champions_after_rio/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [you can do magic](/u/subredditreports/m/youcandomagic)  ===---* my first attempt at a stuffed animal - 100% recycled turtle, *from /r/crafts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crafts/comments/2qjaeq/my_first_attempt_at_a_stuffed_animal_100_recycled/)**  * masatoshi sugiyama crafting arrows with traditional techniques (3 parts) - [22:53], *from /r/artisanvideos* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/artisanvideos/comments/2qitth/masatoshi_sugiyama_crafting_arrows_with/)**  * i made a vertical chess board out of sapele and beech, *from /r/woodworking* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/woodworking/comments/2qjuts/i_made_a_vertical_chess_board_out_of_sapele_and/)**  * [wp] you are dog. it is your mission to faithfully guard your poor, stupid, two-legged pack-mates from the horrors of the mailman, the dog next door, and men with hats. describe your vigil., *from /r/writingprompts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/2qjhyq/wp_you_are_dog_it_is_your_mission_to_faithfully/)**  * the last of the christmas gifts... magnetic katamari amigurumi! (pattern link in comments), *from /r/crochet* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crochet/comments/2qj3dh/the_last_of_the_christmas_gifts_magnetic_katamari/)**  * worldbuilding basics: quick help on creating the geographical layer of your world, *from /r/worldbuilding* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldbuilding/comments/2qjpeg/worldbuilding_basics_quick_help_on_creating_the/)**  * woman in red by bela borsodi nsfw, *from /r/art* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/art/comments/2qix6j/woman_in_red_by_bela_borsodi_nsfw/)**  * the rise of the red lotus [legend of korra], *from /r/fanfiction* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fanfiction/comments/2qjv3e/the_rise_of_the_red_lotus_legend_of_korra/)**  * anyone recognize this yarn?, *from /r/yarnaddicts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/yarnaddicts/comments/2qjr5t/anyone_recognize_this_yarn/)**  * the real [final part] of the files i found in an old flash-drive at the library. these are the accounts documenting a psychology student's "experiments" in 2009., *from /r/nosleep* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2qjpmu/the_real_final_part_of_the_files_i_found_in_an/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [caturday night's alright](/u/subredditreports/m/caturday)  ===---* cats == magic;, *from /r/catgifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/catgifs/comments/2qj8e6/cats_magic/)**  * kitty paaaaws, *from /r/cats* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cats/comments/2qj7xr/kitty_paaaaws/)**  * this is kitler. she's recently taken a liking to anywhere associated with water., *from /r/catsinsinks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/catsinsinks/comments/2qji0v/this_is_kitler_shes_recently_taken_a_liking_to/)**  * cat., *from /r/catsstandingup* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/catsstandingup/comments/2qk1az/cat/)**  * exhausted mama tiger with her minutes-old cubs., *from /r/babybigcatgifs* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/babybigcatgifs/comments/2qj4el/exhausted_mama_tiger_with_her_minutesold_cubs/)**  * wait a minute, you're recording this?, *from /r/startledcats* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/startledcats/comments/2qkk0h/wait_a_minute_youre_recording_this/)**  * titan and i wishing my wife a merry christmas while she worked at the hospital., *from /r/catpictures* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/catpictures/comments/2qj6av/titan_and_i_wishing_my_wife_a_merry_christmas/)**  * stole my seat, *from /r/stuffoncats* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/stuffoncats/comments/2ql3x2/stole_my_seat/)**  * my kitty loves to show his belly, *from /r/catbellies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/catbellies/comments/2qjmk4/my_kitty_loves_to_show_his_belly/)**  * he's not cat enough, *from /r/catcircles* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/catcircles/comments/2qkmxx/hes_not_cat_enough/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* enjoying the opening ceremony to the nadaam festival in ulan bator, mongoloia [720x540], *from /r/humanporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/humanporn/comments/2qjkzx/enjoying_the_opening_ceremony_to_the_nadaam/)**  * friends on the other side of the tank, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qj15a/friends_on_the_other_side_of_the_tank/)**  * my dad's vcr is showing its age, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qj3v7/my_dads_vcr_is_showing_its_age/)**  * sun setting over kuala lumpur, capital of malaysia (1000x500) (oc), *from /r/aerialporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aerialporn/comments/2qjhc3/sun_setting_over_kuala_lumpur_capital_of_malaysia/)**  * bloodbath - nightmares made flesh [1000x1000], *from /r/metalporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/metalporn/comments/2qiuwf/bloodbath_nightmares_made_flesh_1000x1000/)**  * icy day for kayaking on the big sandy river, west virginia[3008 x 2000][oc], *from /r/adrenalineporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/adrenalineporn/comments/2qjobq/icy_day_for_kayaking_on_the_big_sandy_river_west/)**  * blackcurrent delice casis oc (xpost /r/foodporn) [2048 x 2048] [oc], *from /r/dessertporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dessertporn/comments/2qjdn7/blackcurrent_delice_casis_oc_xpost_rfoodporn_2048/)**  * gospel center of hocking hills, oh. (oc) (1200x800), *from /r/churchporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/churchporn/comments/2ql1zi/gospel_center_of_hocking_hills_oh_oc_1200x800/)**  * star wars (1977) [886  1280], *from /r/movieposterporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movieposterporn/comments/2qk09j/star_wars_1977_886_1280/)**  * paul sandby - the meteor of august 18, 1783, as seen from the east angle of the north terrace, windsor castle - (1783) [7,422  4,879] x-post /r/hi_res, *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qj4a5/paul_sandby_the_meteor_of_august_18_1783_as_seen/)**  &amp;nbsp;  random!===---* singapore-born polar bear inuka celebrates his 24th birthday (more pictures and video in comments), *from /r/polarbears* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/polarbears/comments/2qks8p/singaporeborn_polar_bear_inuka_celebrates_his/)**  * i have full dimensions (and a detailed drawn up blueprint) of my studio room in the making. i need help knowing where the best place would be to set up my desk and speakers to get the best sound i could out of said room., *from /r/musicbattlestations* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/musicbattlestations/comments/2qkg1h/i_have_full_dimensions_and_a_detailed_drawn_up/)**  * anyone know the location of a nearby nintendo zone?, *from /r/kitchener* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/kitchener/comments/2qj8mk/anyone_know_the_location_of_a_nearby_nintendo_zone/)**  * why else would they give you a tiny crowbar? i had to do it., *from /r/batman* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/batman/comments/2qir0h/why_else_would_they_give_you_a_tiny_crowbar_i_had/)**  * can you use power attack feat with slashing grace?, *from /r/pathfinder_rpg* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pathfinder_rpg/comments/2qj9gk/can_you_use_power_attack_feat_with_slashing_grace/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [games without frontiers](/u/subredditreports/m/gameswithoutfrontiers)  ===---* need help making a riddle easier and simpler., *from /r/riddles* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/riddles/comments/2qk652/need_help_making_a_riddle_easier_and_simpler/)**  * need help to put the string back on, *from /r/puzzles* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/puzzles/comments/2qjxu8/need_help_to_put_the_string_back_on/)**  * comic for december 27, 2014, *from /r/smbcomics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/smbcomics/comments/2qjonx/comic_for_december_27_2014/)**  * found this written in a package of new gift tags...gibberish or another language?, *from /r/decoders* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/decoders/comments/2qiqvy/found_this_written_in_a_package_of_new_gift/)**  * solving "5 house" logic puzzles without worksheets, *from /r/logic* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/logic/comments/2qilk5/solving_5_house_logic_puzzles_without_worksheets/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* [dec. 27, 1914] charles martin hall, the man who brought aluminium to the world, died, *from /r/100yearsago* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/100yearsago/comments/2qix99/dec_27_1914_charles_martin_hall_the_man_who/)**  * while watching netflix, i should be able to submit corrections to the subtitles., *from /r/lightbulb* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lightbulb/comments/2qiws0/while_watching_netflix_i_should_be_able_to_submit/)**  * if you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qjfix/if_you_step_on_peoples_feet_they_will_open_their/)**  * we should start using "digital penetration" as a term for hacking until it becomes so popular that fox news and cnn are saying it on-air., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qj5q1/we_should_start_using_digital_penetration_as_a/)**  * "science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. art is everything else we do." - donald knuth, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qjc2x/science_is_what_we_understand_well_enough_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* instead of receiving their paychecks via direct deposit on the day after christmas, plymouth public schools workers awoke friday to find that the amount they were to be paid had instead been withdrawn from their bank accounts., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qj726/instead_of_receiving_their_paychecks_via_direct/)**  * britain has surpassed france as the world's 5th largest economy since it included the amount britains spend on prostitutes and illegal drugs., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qj677/britain_has_surpassed_france_as_the_worlds_5th/)**  * nashville police chief shuts down critic of his supportive treatment of ferguson protestors: "while i don't doubt that you sincerely believe that your thoughts represent the majority of citizens, i would ask you to consider the following before you chisel those thoughts in stone.", *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qjthn/nashville_police_chief_shuts_down_critic_of_his/)**  * woman rescues man on i-85 using baseball bat, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qk6ed/woman_rescues_man_on_i85_using_baseball_bat/)**  * sony about to get sued for pirating music in the interview, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qj1cq/sony_about_to_get_sued_for_pirating_music_in_the/)**  * textbook slips catch in cricket., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qj1gf/textbook_slips_catch_in_cricket/)**  * interesting editorial by a california psychotherapist, opposing proposed amendment to ca's child abuse and neglect act that would require psychologists and psychotherapists to report patient's consumption of child pornography. difficult issue., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qj7ro/interesting_editorial_by_a_california/)**  * california dmv will miss its deadline for driverless car regulations, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qk9bb/california_dmv_will_miss_its_deadline_for/)**  * did that guy over in /r/pics ever reveal that strangely shaped gift to his wife?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qjd9m/did_that_guy_over_in_rpics_ever_reveal_that/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that from 6pm to 6am on new years aaa will tow drunk you and your car home for free., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qk8ik/ysk_that_from_6pm_to_6am_on_new_years_aaa_will/)**  * (math) do we know everything there is to know about math? or are there new discoveries being made in mathematics?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qjyz2/math_do_we_know_everything_there_is_to_know_about/)**  * eli5: if it were possible to fly a space craft into the sun without becoming a giant burnt marshmallow... would the ship crash on the surface, or pass through because it made of gas?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qjbyq/eli5_if_it_were_possible_to_fly_a_space_craft/)**  * til roger ebert didnt realise he was extremely short-sighted until middle school when he grabbed the glasses of a classmate, and put them on as a joke. ebert said: the entire world shifted into focus for the first time in my life., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qjrkx/til_roger_ebert_didnt_realise_he_was_extremely/)**  * i pinged every address in the internet and this is the result (very high resolution) [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qjtk7/i_pinged_every_address_in_the_internet_and_this/)**  * how to fix a headband from my headphones?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qjpgb/how_to_fix_a_headband_from_my_headphones/)**  * what's christmas day like in prison?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qj4jk/whats_christmas_day_like_in_prison/)**  * chinese idea of the train that doesn't stop to pick up passengers, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qi8s3/chinese_idea_of_the_train_that_doesnt_stop_to/)**  * roborovski dwarf hamsters, 2.5 inches long, can run the equivalent of four human marathons in one night on their wheels!, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qill4/roborovski_dwarf_hamsters_25_inches_long_can_run/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: go out of your way to eat fiber during this time of year .., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qjdn4/lpt_go_out_of_your_way_to_eat_fiber_during_this/)**  * new research suggests that food cravings cannot be explained by a 'lack of willpower'; that, instead, they are caused by an 'evolutionary conflict between host and microbes in the gut which leads microbes to divergent interests over host's eating behavior'., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qiw1m/new_research_suggests_that_food_cravings_cannot/)**  * [image] confidence is key., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qjcor/image_confidence_is_key/)**  * [request] any ideas on how to remove sand from the frame of my gopro hero 4? toothpick did not work that well., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qjye8/request_any_ideas_on_how_to_remove_sand_from_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* finding faster-than-light particles by weighing them, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qj0qy/finding_fasterthanlight_particles_by_weighing_them/)**  * how smartphone use is changing the way thumbs and brains communicate, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qj3sr/how_smartphone_use_is_changing_the_way_thumbs_and/)**  * when this post is 5 hours old a proton rocket will launch the astra 2g satellite. live webcast and discussion thread are at r/intlaunchservices, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qjghj/when_this_post_is_5_hours_old_a_proton_rocket/)**  * breaking spaghetti confused richard feynman. i filmed it at 1/4 million frames per second to figure out why it breaks into more than 2 pieces., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qjpz5/breaking_spaghetti_confused_richard_feynman_i/)**  * had to explain my wife how close the iss actually is, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qjgkx/had_to_explain_my_wife_how_close_the_iss_actually/)**  * novartis researchers take 'first baby step' toward anti-aging drug, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qjil9/novartis_researchers_take_first_baby_step_toward/)**  * not all of china is that dense. the us population also approximately fits into these provinces. [942x768] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qih7h/not_all_of_china_is_that_dense_the_us_population/)**  * request a free ebook: happy holidays from the o'reilly programming newsletter team, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qjaqr/request_a_free_ebook_happy_holidays_from_the/)**  * how to fill 90% of the free memory?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qjexi/how_to_fill_90_of_the_free_memory/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* the 2014 /r/askreddit best winners thread, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qj0oa/the_2014_raskreddit_best_winners_thread/)**  * iama overnight crisis counselor for teens; ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qiqax/iama_overnight_crisis_counselor_for_teens_ama/)**  * i'm a lefty. ama, you filthy right-handers., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qjopf/im_a_lefty_ama_you_filthy_righthanders/)**  * thanks! you just paid for all my drinks next night out. we're all laughing our asses off because i told my poker buddies i could bait you like a little bitch ass sheep into being the overstuffed colostomy bag high on his own ego, and you fell for it like a champion chump., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qic6r/thanks_you_just_paid_for_all_my_drinks_next_night/)**  * the people of reddit vs /u/ateurcooki for grandtheft.jpg, liarliarpantsonfire.gif, karmawhoring.exe, reposting in bad faith, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qjnr1/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uateurcooki_for/)**  * /u/live_free describes why poor people who win large amounts of money often lose it all within a few months., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qjt7e/ulive_free_describes_why_poor_people_who_win/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qinom) /r/letsnotmeet, /r/infrastructureporn, /r/pokemon, /r/heresafunfact, /r/willitcrush  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* who wrote the bible? (2004): exploration of ways in which biblical events can be interpreted in terms of modern archaeological evidence., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qila9/who_wrote_the_bible_2004_exploration_of_ways_in/)**  * trading places (1983) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qjem7/trading_places_1983_720p/)**  * stuck on a 72 hour shift. please help., *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qie3m/stuck_on_a_72_hour_shift_please_help/)**  * end credits clip in the highly underrated "the boxtrolls" shows how the animation is done while the characters have a haunting existential discussion., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qjio2/end_credits_clip_in_the_highly_underrated_the/)**  * korean singer, "yoon mi rae" takes legal action against sony pictures for using her song in "the interview" without permission, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qj1yd/korean_singer_yoon_mi_rae_takes_legal_action/)**  * foxing -- the medic [indie / rock] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qjszq/foxing_the_medic_indie_rock_2014/)**  * a video game name generator, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qjrvk/a_video_game_name_generator/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* friends on the other side of the tank, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qj15a/friends_on_the_other_side_of_the_tank/)**  * [oc] on my way to work this morning, eifel, germany [3920x2204], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qj7t8/oc_on_my_way_to_work_this_morning_eifel_germany/)**  * my dad's vcr is showing its age, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qj3v7/my_dads_vcr_is_showing_its_age/)**  * paul sandby - the meteor of august 18, 1783, as seen from the east angle of the north terrace, windsor castle - (1783) [7,422  4,879] x-post /r/hi_res, *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qj4a5/paul_sandby_the_meteor_of_august_18_1783_as_seen/)**  * 30,000 ft above austin, tx, this morning [oc] [1536x2048], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qjsnn/30000_ft_above_austin_tx_this_morning_oc_1536x2048/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* for when the neighbor kids want a snowball fight... i present the snowball gun., *from /r/shutupandtakemymoney* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shutupandtakemymoney/comments/2qkxkg/for_when_the_neighbor_kids_want_a_snowball_fight/)**  * the guild wars community is so friendly!, *from /r/guildwars* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars/comments/2qkf8d/the_guild_wars_community_is_so_friendly/)**  * what is this? quran for ants?, *from /r/thingsforants* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/thingsforants/comments/2qjk37/what_is_this_quran_for_ants/)**  * "until we meet the oilers in the playoffs, i don't put much stock in the rivalry," bob hartley on the battle of alberta., *from /r/edmontonoilers* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/edmontonoilers/comments/2qjtlu/until_we_meet_the_oilers_in_the_playoffs_i_dont/)**  * but he just can't keep away..., *from /r/nerdcubed* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nerdcubed/comments/2qi551/but_he_just_cant_keep_away/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* if you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qjfix/if_you_step_on_peoples_feet_they_will_open_their/)**  * we should start using "digital penetration" as a term for hacking until it becomes so popular that fox news and cnn are saying it on-air., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qj5q1/we_should_start_using_digital_penetration_as_a/)**  * "science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. art is everything else we do." - donald knuth, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qjc2x/science_is_what_we_understand_well_enough_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* instead of receiving their paychecks via direct deposit on the day after christmas, plymouth public schools workers awoke friday to find that the amount they were to be paid had instead been withdrawn from their bank accounts., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qj726/instead_of_receiving_their_paychecks_via_direct/)**  * britain has surpassed france as the world's 5th largest economy since it included the amount britains spend on prostitutes and illegal drugs., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qj677/britain_has_surpassed_france_as_the_worlds_5th/)**  * nashville police chief shuts down critic of his supportive treatment of ferguson protestors: "while i don't doubt that you sincerely believe that your thoughts represent the majority of citizens, i would ask you to consider the following before you chisel those thoughts in stone.", *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qjthn/nashville_police_chief_shuts_down_critic_of_his/)**  * woman rescues man on i-85 using baseball bat, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qk6ed/woman_rescues_man_on_i85_using_baseball_bat/)**  * sony about to get sued for pirating music in the interview, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qj1cq/sony_about_to_get_sued_for_pirating_music_in_the/)**  * textbook slips catch in cricket., *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qj1gf/textbook_slips_catch_in_cricket/)**  * interesting editorial by a california psychotherapist, opposing proposed amendment to ca's child abuse and neglect act that would require psychologists and psychotherapists to report patient's consumption of child pornography. difficult issue., *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qj7ro/interesting_editorial_by_a_california/)**  * california dmv will miss its deadline for driverless car regulations, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qk9bb/california_dmv_will_miss_its_deadline_for/)**  * did that guy over in /r/pics ever reveal that strangely shaped gift to his wife?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qjd9m/did_that_guy_over_in_rpics_ever_reveal_that/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that from 6pm to 6am on new years aaa will tow drunk you and your car home for free., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qk8ik/ysk_that_from_6pm_to_6am_on_new_years_aaa_will/)**  * (math) do we know everything there is to know about math? or are there new discoveries being made in mathematics?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qjyz2/math_do_we_know_everything_there_is_to_know_about/)**  * eli5: if it were possible to fly a space craft into the sun without becoming a giant burnt marshmallow... would the ship crash on the surface, or pass through because it made of gas?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qjbyq/eli5_if_it_were_possible_to_fly_a_space_craft/)**  * til roger ebert didnt realise he was extremely short-sighted until middle school when he grabbed the glasses of a classmate, and put them on as a joke. ebert said: the entire world shifted into focus for the first time in my life., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qjrkx/til_roger_ebert_didnt_realise_he_was_extremely/)**  * i pinged every address in the internet and this is the result (very high resolution) [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qjtk7/i_pinged_every_address_in_the_internet_and_this/)**  * how to fix a headband from my headphones?, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qjpgb/how_to_fix_a_headband_from_my_headphones/)**  * what's christmas day like in prison?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qj4jk/whats_christmas_day_like_in_prison/)**  * chinese idea of the train that doesn't stop to pick up passengers, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qi8s3/chinese_idea_of_the_train_that_doesnt_stop_to/)**  * roborovski dwarf hamsters, 2.5 inches long, can run the equivalent of four human marathons in one night on their wheels!, *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qill4/roborovski_dwarf_hamsters_25_inches_long_can_run/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: go out of your way to eat fiber during this time of year .., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qjdn4/lpt_go_out_of_your_way_to_eat_fiber_during_this/)**  * new research suggests that food cravings cannot be explained by a 'lack of willpower'; that, instead, they are caused by an 'evolutionary conflict between host and microbes in the gut which leads microbes to divergent interests over host's eating behavior'., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qiw1m/new_research_suggests_that_food_cravings_cannot/)**  * [image] confidence is key., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qjcor/image_confidence_is_key/)**  * [request] any ideas on how to remove sand from the frame of my gopro hero 4? toothpick did not work that well., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qjye8/request_any_ideas_on_how_to_remove_sand_from_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* finding faster-than-light particles by weighing them, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qj0qy/finding_fasterthanlight_particles_by_weighing_them/)**  * how smartphone use is changing the way thumbs and brains communicate, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qj3sr/how_smartphone_use_is_changing_the_way_thumbs_and/)**  * when this post is 5 hours old a proton rocket will launch the astra 2g satellite. live webcast and discussion thread are at r/intlaunchservices, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qjghj/when_this_post_is_5_hours_old_a_proton_rocket/)**  * breaking spaghetti confused richard feynman. i filmed it at 1/4 million frames per second to figure out why it breaks into more than 2 pieces., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qjpz5/breaking_spaghetti_confused_richard_feynman_i/)**  * had to explain my wife how close the iss actually is, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qjgkx/had_to_explain_my_wife_how_close_the_iss_actually/)**  * novartis researchers take 'first baby step' toward anti-aging drug, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qjil9/novartis_researchers_take_first_baby_step_toward/)**  * not all of china is that dense. the us population also approximately fits into these provinces. [942x768] [oc], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qih7h/not_all_of_china_is_that_dense_the_us_population/)**  * request a free ebook: happy holidays from the o'reilly programming newsletter team, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qjaqr/request_a_free_ebook_happy_holidays_from_the/)**  * how to fill 90% of the free memory?, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qjexi/how_to_fill_90_of_the_free_memory/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* the 2014 /r/askreddit best winners thread, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qj0oa/the_2014_raskreddit_best_winners_thread/)**  * iama overnight crisis counselor for teens; ama!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qiqax/iama_overnight_crisis_counselor_for_teens_ama/)**  * i'm a lefty. ama, you filthy right-handers., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qjopf/im_a_lefty_ama_you_filthy_righthanders/)**  * thanks! you just paid for all my drinks next night out. we're all laughing our asses off because i told my poker buddies i could bait you like a little bitch ass sheep into being the overstuffed colostomy bag high on his own ego, and you fell for it like a champion chump., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qic6r/thanks_you_just_paid_for_all_my_drinks_next_night/)**  * the people of reddit vs /u/ateurcooki for grandtheft.jpg, liarliarpantsonfire.gif, karmawhoring.exe, reposting in bad faith, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qjnr1/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uateurcooki_for/)**  * /u/live_free describes why poor people who win large amounts of money often lose it all within a few months., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qjt7e/ulive_free_describes_why_poor_people_who_win/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qinom) /r/letsnotmeet, /r/infrastructureporn, /r/pokemon, /r/heresafunfact, /r/willitcrush  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* who wrote the bible? (2004): exploration of ways in which biblical events can be interpreted in terms of modern archaeological evidence., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qila9/who_wrote_the_bible_2004_exploration_of_ways_in/)**  * trading places (1983) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qjem7/trading_places_1983_720p/)**  * stuck on a 72 hour shift. please help., *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qie3m/stuck_on_a_72_hour_shift_please_help/)**  * end credits clip in the highly underrated "the boxtrolls" shows how the animation is done while the characters have a haunting existential discussion., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qjio2/end_credits_clip_in_the_highly_underrated_the/)**  * korean singer, "yoon mi rae" takes legal action against sony pictures for using her song in "the interview" without permission, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qj1yd/korean_singer_yoon_mi_rae_takes_legal_action/)**  * foxing -- the medic [indie / rock] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qjszq/foxing_the_medic_indie_rock_2014/)**  * a video game name generator, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qjrvk/a_video_game_name_generator/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* friends on the other side of the tank, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qj15a/friends_on_the_other_side_of_the_tank/)**  * [oc] on my way to work this morning, eifel, germany [3920x2204], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qj7t8/oc_on_my_way_to_work_this_morning_eifel_germany/)**  * my dad's vcr is showing its age, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qj3v7/my_dads_vcr_is_showing_its_age/)**  * paul sandby - the meteor of august 18, 1783, as seen from the east angle of the north terrace, windsor castle - (1783) [7,422  4,879] x-post /r/hi_res, *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qj4a5/paul_sandby_the_meteor_of_august_18_1783_as_seen/)**  * 30,000 ft above austin, tx, this morning [oc] [1536x2048], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qjsnn/30000_ft_above_austin_tx_this_morning_oc_1536x2048/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* for when the neighbor kids want a snowball fight... i present the snowball gun., *from /r/shutupandtakemymoney* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shutupandtakemymoney/comments/2qkxkg/for_when_the_neighbor_kids_want_a_snowball_fight/)**  * the guild wars community is so friendly!, *from /r/guildwars* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars/comments/2qkf8d/the_guild_wars_community_is_so_friendly/)**  * what is this? quran for ants?, *from /r/thingsforants* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/thingsforants/comments/2qjk37/what_is_this_quran_for_ants/)**  * "until we meet the oilers in the playoffs, i don't put much stock in the rivalry," bob hartley on the battle of alberta., *from /r/edmontonoilers* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/edmontonoilers/comments/2qjtlu/until_we_meet_the_oilers_in_the_playoffs_i_dont/)**  * but he just can't keep away..., *from /r/nerdcubed* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nerdcubed/comments/2qi551/but_he_just_cant_keep_away/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* if you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qjfix/if_you_step_on_peoples_feet_they_will_open_their/)**  * we should start using "digital penetration" as a term for hacking until it becomes so popular that fox news and cnn are saying it on-air., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qj5q1/we_should_start_using_digital_penetration_as_a/)**  * "science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. art is everything else we do." - donald knuth, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qjc2x/science_is_what_we_understand_well_enough_to/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on sunday.  **report period:**   saturday, december 20, 2014 through friday, december 26, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adultswim** [[full report](/2qle7l)]   ---* [too many....](/2qf5p9)  * [an animated drawing i made of eric andre and hannibal buress.](/2px241)  * [seriously if you haven't seen mike tyson mysteries... its awesome.](/2q7fh9)  * [go team venture!](/2qd0rg)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/android** [[full report](/2qlklx)]   ---* [google play store should notify you when apps on your wishlist go on sale.](/2qel68)  * [if you accidentally say ok google, say "thank you" if you wish to cancel out of it.](/2pwsew)  * [you can now use google wallet at walt disney world thanks to apple](/2q2ome)  * [4gb ram phones and tablets on the horizon as samsung begins mass production of lpddr4 module](/2q6514)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/atheism** [[full report](/2qlq4s)]   ---* [had someone tell me that the teaching of the bible in school has alway been supported and not until the last 20 years has it "come under fire." i'm sure she felt silly after seeing this.](/2q5ii1)  * [arbys in indiana](/2pw14l)  * [neil degrasse tyson just tweeted this.](/2qda4q)  * [saw this card the other day!](/2qbout)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bacon** [[full report](/2qle22)]   ---* [my parents came into town for the weekend, and insisted i open one of my gifts early. (x/post from r/pics)](/2q9ey3)  * [in all its 3d glory.](/2q32tr)  * [i noticed a pattern when i was putting my roast into the oven. maybe i have a problem?](/2q2t4p)  * [bacon symmetry](/2qgwwa)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/changemyview** [[full report](/2qlhf5)]   ---* [cmv: if a religious person truly believed their texts were sacred, they would devote a far greater amount of time to studying them](/2qf2pw)  * [cmv: medicine should not be advertised on tv](/2pxv61)  * [cmv:suicide can be a rational decision, even for the depressed and otherwise mentally ill.](/2q6d06)  * [cmv: the president's role in american society is greatly exaggerated by the media.](/2pvjpp)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/diy** [[full report](/2qlk2t)]   ---* [started building a house in 2013, been living in it for 5 months now](/2q6uq1)  * [fruit bowl made from walnut, cherry, maple and malachite.](/2pzrri)  * [i made my supercool girlfriend a leather messenger bag for christmas.](/2pxr2v)  * [3d printing a broom](/2pwqbj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/earthporn** [[full report](/2qllcm)]   ---* [lake superior sunrise [2048x1365] photo by derek griggs (xpost from r/unitedstatesofamerica)](/2q9y52)  * [croatia has some of the most beautiful waterfalls in the world (krka national park) [oc] [2736 x 2022]](/2pvp04)  * [morning light over saxon switzerland's valleys. germany [1170x780] photo by stefan junghann](/2qg0bm)  * [yosemite tunnel view - tried to click good pic but i'm still a beginner 2112x1408](/2qditn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/foreveralonebots** [[full report](/2qlejk)]   ---* [qwop (elders react: gaming)](/2qarv9)  * [christmas apocalypse (part 2)](/2qgymk)  * [taylor swift - blank space (react: lyric breakdown)](/2qdlpa)  * [outplayed](/2q43yw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/gadgets** [[full report](/2qlf1e)]   ---* [how to turn your old iphone or ipad into a home security system for free](/2q6463)  * [sonys xperia z4 tablet ultra might just come with a 4k display and a 6gb ram](/2pztqf)  * [the next generation of the device that puts led on one side and epaper on the other](/2q381t)  * [flux all-in-one 3d printer](/2qgg3d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/globalpowers** [[full report](/2qlgmw)]   ---* [[meta] map update](/2pz3pq)  * [[modpost] black ops mechanics implemented](/2pxemn)  * [[claim] texas](/2pwkeo)  * [[event] whilst war begins in turkey, a massive attack rocks india city](/2qh1l1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/ladyboners** [[full report](/2qlh28)]   ---* [nick bateman building a snowman.](/2pzhdy)  * [joseph gordon levitt in the interview](/2qb5kl)  * [always thought chris pratt was a cutie, but now... oh my](/2q7pen)  * [alexis ohanian, creator of reddit, as featured in this month's esquire magazine. nobody gives me a bigger, harder, longer, ladyboner!](/2qga9m)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/listentothis** [[full report](/2qlo9p)]   ---* [mick jenkins -- black sheep [hip-hop/chill] (2014) off of one of the best mixtapes from this year](/2qd3zn)  * [[discussion] what albums out there are single flowing continuous mixes with no discernible track divisions? examples inside.](/2pytiv)  * [oh wonder -- shark [ambient / chill] (2014)](/2q33f2)  * [the growlers - going gets tough [beach goth] 2014](/2pwi5f)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mildlyinteresting** [[full report](/2qlr16)]   ---* [this orange was growing on the other side of my neighbor's fence.](/2q099u)  * [this is what a 600 ton hydraulic press does to $1.36 in change (gold dollar/quarter/penny/dime).](/2qe1wr)  * [found an albino clover](/2q0gr4)  * [this is a mcdonalds cafe that i found which has almost no mcdonald's branding.](/2q644c)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/movies** [[full report](/2qlsab)]   ---* [netflix should have a film's commentary as one of the audio options.](/2pxu5g)  * [miniatures used in the grand budapest hotel...](/2qee3k)  * [rocky iv poster by jason edmiston](/2qd2pg)  * [the interview now available on google play and youtube movies](/2qaim4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/outoftheloop** [[full report](/2qlg93)]   ---* [who is coop.](/2q9c6v)  * [why do women want to ban the word "bossy"?](/2q36tj)  * [what just happened over at ign?](/2qfqfn)  * [what's up with the millionairemakers subreddit?](/2qd9iu)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/personalfinance** [[full report](/2qlp6e)]   ---* [the us dept. of labor has a little-known job training program for low-income individuals. it provides housing, meals, basic medical care and a living allowance.](/2pz97y)  * [just completed 2014 nys resolution to pay off all credit card debt by 2015!](/2qfnk3)  * [let's get a grip - good credit isn't difficult.](/2q3ba7)  * [merry christmas r/pf! here is my gift to you.](/2qd5kz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/quotesporn** [[full report](/2qles1)]   ---* ["nothing wrong..." - muhammad ali [612x612]](/2q6l8a)  * ["you'll be fine. you're 25. feeling unsure and lost is part of your path..." - louis ck. [736x490]](/2pzuf1)  * ["i tell my piano the things i used to tell you" -frdric chopin [1079x1099]](/2pznxr)  * ["there's power in looking silly and not caring that you do." amy poehler [494x474]](/2qa5il)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stocks** [[full report](/2qlfbj)]   ---* [oil crisis explained in 3 minutes](/2q472y)  * [the blogspam is out of control.](/2pw3z0)  * [/r/stocks mods, thank you for banning link posts! this place looks so much better already!](/2q4a6e)  * [tesla : elon musk announces an upgrade that promises longer battery life (la to sfo). stock is down from its peak, is it a buy??](/2q8hs8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/theydidthemath** [[full report](/2qlfox)]   ---* [[request] how much did this cost? 43,000-piece lego star destroyer.](/2q0rx9)  * [someone makes quilt out of 14,630 little squares. guy does the [math] and finds there are actually 16,470.](/2qf7xa)  * [[request] at what rate is wikipedia receiving donations such that it is always 1 hour at $3/user away from its target?](/2q4wl4)  * [[math] /u/feedayeen finds how many cats would need to be in a closet to create a black hole.](/2qd2wv)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/videos** [[full report](/2qltyy)]   ---* [wooden pliers made from just 10 cuts into a single stick of wood.](/2q17zk)  * ["a domino can knock over a domino 1.5x larger than itself, so 13 dominoes can amplify an initial push 2 billion times"](/2q28wu)  * [teacher finds a cat drawn on his whiteboard](/2q34bs)  * [5 year old discusses princess leias slave outfit with her dad.](/2pwg62)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wanttobelieve** [[full report](/2qlecr)]   ---* [smithsonian admits to destruction of thousands of giant human skeletons in early 1900s](/2pzk76)  * [barber woke from coma speaking fluent french and thinking he was matthew mcconaughey](/2q6ffq)  * [what a shaman sees in a mental hospital :: the jb bardot archives](/2qfn4o)  * [a beginners guide to lucid dreaming](/2q6fhh)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/woahdude** [[full report](/2qlmaa)]   ---* [ushiku daibutsu, the tallest statue in the world](/2pvxmg)  * [that's where we are right now.](/2qecbw)  * [truck vs security barrier](/2q2ob8)  * [frozen pond](/2qam2q)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/writingprompts** [[full report](/2qlnb6)]   ---* [[wp] you travel back in time to the 1900's, you take your tablet out of your rucksack only to find that there is a wifi hotspot nearby labeled "if you can see this, turn back.".](/2q8dgt)  * [[wp] a peaceful alien race is besieged by another race in the same galaxy. as their last planets fall and their home-world comes under threat they do the unthinkable. they ask for aid from the only known creatures more brutal than their foes in exchange for ftl technology. humans accept the deal.](/2qgc5v)  * [[wp] write a really great story that ends so anticlimatically that i hate you.](/2q0uqd)  * [[wp] a man goes back in time with a computer. he kicks open the door to the constitutional convention, right as they are finalizing the constitution. the man shows the founding fathers a series of videos explaining american history from 1790 to today. after the videos are done, madison stands up....](/2qb7t8)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
this is a preview of the new and improved herald 2.0. it's not yet finished.  most sections appear each day. some sections appear less frequently than each day.  each section has both permanent subs and rotating/random subs. the full list of subs for each section can be seen in the multi linked in the section header. (multis are also listed on the bot's profile page.)  leave feedback and suggestions in the comments. the regular herald will still run at its normal time tonight. stay frosty.&amp;nbsp;  [what's goin on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* congratulations, al-qaeda!! airport chaos and tsa overreaction mean that you don't actually have to blow things up to be successful terrorists., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/ajbsr/congratulations_alqaeda_airport_chaos_and_tsa/)**  * it is a fact that a woman born in south africa has a greater chance of being raped, than learning how to read., *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/aje46/it_is_a_fact_that_a_woman_born_in_south_africa/)**  * "the fax machine was obsolete 15 years ago. when someone says "fax it to me," i always feel like i'm being punk'd. a fax machine is nothing more than a printer, scanner and an obsolete analog mode that work together to waste time, money, paper and electricity.', *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/aja7c/the_fax_machine_was_obsolete_15_years_ago_when/)**  * on sports science, is drew brees more accurate than an olympic archer?, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/ajfij/on_sports_science_is_drew_brees_more_accurate/)**  * i just watched food, inc which features a disturbing section on soy beans.  i drink a lot of silk, but it's organic and non-gmo, so i wasn't worried.  until i checked the *new* label.  fuck you dean foods.  i will never drink silk again., *from /r/health* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/aje48/i_just_watched_food_inc_which_features_a/)**  * inmate gets 18 months for hacking prison computer, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/aj7mr/inmate_gets_18_months_for_hacking_prison_computer/)**  * "goldman sachs and dozens of other banks and captured journalists want the story to be about the failure of the investors who were sophisticated and assumed the risk. they ignore the crucial fact that the bonds that blew up were aaa and were sold as virtually risk free.", *from /r/economics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/aj6ut/goldman_sachs_and_dozens_of_other_banks_and/)**  * in the u.s., healthcare costs are exploding for a number of reasons. the most important is the deterioration of the citizens' health which can be causally traced to deteriorating food supply, diet, nutrition and fitness--all integrated parts of a massively unhealthy lifestyle., *from /r/usa* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/usa/comments/ajbrs/in_the_us_healthcare_costs_are_exploding_for_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [we just disagree](/u/subredditreports/m/politics)  ===---* "healthcare reform is a lump of coal" - texas straight talk, by rep ron paul, *from /r/republican* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/republican/comments/aj8cm/healthcare_reform_is_a_lump_of_coal_texas/)**  * ben stein calls ron paul antisemitic on larry king!!!, *from /r/libertarian* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/ajhap/ben_stein_calls_ron_paul_antisemitic_on_larry_king/)**  * sen. clyburn: we had to take voting rights out of the civil rights act in '64 because we didn't have the votes. once it passed, we went back 1 year later and passed the voting rights act. we should pass the health care bill, as a similar good foundation. (npr interview, w/ sen. burris also+audio) , *from /r/progressive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/progressive/comments/aje82/sen_clyburn_we_had_to_take_voting_rights_out_of/)**  * "healthcare reform is a lump of coal" - texas straight talk, by rep ron paul, *from /r/conservative* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/conservative/comments/aj8cr/healthcare_reform_is_a_lump_of_coal_texas/)**  * george w. bush: biggest spender since lbj., *from /r/obama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/obama/comments/ajawh/george_w_bush_biggest_spender_since_lbj/)**  * israeli settlers to ethiopian jewish soldiers: "niggers don't expel jews! this isn't what we brought you to israel for!", *from /r/socialism* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/ajfzx/israeli_settlers_to_ethiopian_jewish_soldiers/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk: that when a cop pulls you over to see if you/your vehicle smell like alcohol, then lets you move along, it's referred to as "bouncing" a person., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/aj8t7/ysk_that_when_a_cop_pulls_you_over_to_see_if/)**  * til in addition to not allowing salvation army solicitors, target is the most charitable major corporation in the u.s., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/ajddg/til_in_addition_to_not_allowing_salvation_army/)**  * penn stated interest in starting a "bacon and a kiss" airline. he theorized that you can avoid invasive airport security by requiring eating bacon and kissing someone of the same gender on the genitals, and therefore screening out religious fundamentalists (wikipedia)., *from /r/wikipedia* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/wikipedia/comments/ajei3/penn_stated_interest_in_starting_a_bacon_and_a/)**  * help turn the windowfarms.org project into a non-profit organization: turning city windows into vertical veggie farms!, *from /r/diy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/aj88i/help_turn_the_windowfarmsorg_project_into_a/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [get awesomer](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* i started working out and eating healthy(er) this past summer and have done well losing weight and feeling healthy. but now i've "fallen off the wagon" during the holidays.  what's the best way to get back into healthy eating and exercising again?, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/aj8q7/i_started_working_out_and_eating_healthyer_this/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [blah, blah, blah](/u/subredditreports/m/youtalktoomuch)  ===---* brilliant computer prank., *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/ajce3/brilliant_computer_prank/)**  * why your boss is incompetent , *from /r/foodforthought* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/foodforthought/comments/aj79r/why_your_boss_is_incompetent/)**  * nassim taleb and the black swan. best-selling, (somewhat haughty) hardcore scientific anti-realism., *from /r/philosophyofscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/philosophyofscience/comments/ajckd/nassim_taleb_and_the_black_swan_bestselling/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [lawyers, guns, and money](/u/subredditreports/m/lawyersgunsandmoney)  ===---* hyperinflation imminent, according to economist and statistician john williams, *from /r/economy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/ajb52/hyperinflation_imminent_according_to_economist/)**  * do you know a way to pay your rent with a credit card?  if you're like me, rent is by far your biggest expense outside of tax, and you get rewards from using your cc.  there must be a way to make this happen., *from /r/frugal* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/frugal/comments/ajaw3/do_you_know_a_way_to_pay_your_rent_with_a_credit/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [she blinded me with... science!](/u/subredditreports/m/sheblindedme)  ===---* an antibody has been discovered, 'f77', that finds and wipes out prostate cancer cells (albeit in mice, so far), according to a study published in pnas., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/ajcaq/an_antibody_has_been_discovered_f77_that_finds/)**  * spiral galaxy, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/aj87p/spiral_galaxy/)**  * ask r/physics: is going for a ph d. worth it? does this guy's words still hold for today?, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/ajg2j/ask_rphysics_is_going_for_a_ph_d_worth_it_does/)**  * astronomers have discovered a giant planet close to the exotic binary star system qs virginis. although dormant now, in the future the two stars will one day erupt in a violent nova outburst., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/aj8jq/astronomers_have_discovered_a_giant_planet_close/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [nerd stuff](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcore)  ===---* finally, autotune for linux!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/ajclo/finally_autotune_for_linux/)**  * wikipedia defines computer science - with cool graphics for subdisciplines, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/ajc9r/wikipedia_defines_computer_science_with_cool/)**  * desktop linux, *from /r/ubuntu* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/ubuntu/comments/aj67c/desktop_linux/)**  * where to buy electrical components for real cheap?, *from /r/arduino* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/arduino/comments/ajb59/where_to_buy_electrical_components_for_real_cheap/)**  * stonith deathmatch explained, and some other advice for setting up ha failover clusters. (kinda funny), *from /r/sysadmin* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin/comments/ajat8/stonith_deathmatch_explained_and_some_other/)**  * lve 0.6.0 released, *from /r/gamedev* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/aj7as/lve_060_released/)**  * ok, so i'm having trouble between my wireless and lan cards., *from /r/techsupport* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/ajd7q/ok_so_im_having_trouble_between_my_wireless_and/)**  * mandelbrot set in python tkinter, *from /r/python* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/python/comments/ajeey/mandelbrot_set_in_python_tkinter/)**  * software to convert grayscale images (tif, pdf)-&amp;gt;bitonal (with either automatic of manual threshold setting)?, *from /r/software* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/software/comments/aj7f5/software_to_convert_grayscale_images_tif/)**  * identifying almost identical files using context triggered piecewise hashing, *from /r/compsci* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/compsci/comments/aj73g/identifying_almost_identical_files_using_context/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* funniest thing you've ever heard in a bar?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/ajdic/funniest_thing_youve_ever_heard_in_a_bar/)**  * i pickup free stuff online from kijiji, craigslist, etc... fix it, and sell it. ama, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/ajdt1/i_pickup_free_stuff_online_from_kijiji_craigslist/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* deep water- world's first solo nonstop sailboat race around the world., *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/ajeyt/deep_water_worlds_first_solo_nonstop_sailboat/)**  * brand new trailer for chris nolan's inception in quicktime hd!, *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/ajc13/brand_new_trailer_for_chris_nolans_inception_in/)**  * music trends, nyc vs. the rest of the world., *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/ajbu6/music_trends_nyc_vs_the_rest_of_the_world/)**  * lisa hannigan - an ocean and a rock, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/ajfzb/lisa_hannigan_an_ocean_and_a_rock/)**  * who is your favourite obscure seinfeld character, and why?, *from /r/television* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/ajbbr/who_is_your_favourite_obscure_seinfeld_character/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [sports](/u/subredditreports/m/sporty)  ===---* panthers steve smith breaks arm, giants backs in win (video), *from /r/nfl* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/aj811/panthers_steve_smith_breaks_arm_giants_backs_in/)**  * video: urban meyer changed his mind about resigning as coach of the university of florida football team because... , *from /r/football* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/football/comments/aj9bo/video_urban_meyer_changed_his_mind_about/)**  * mikael samuelsson on his olympic snub: "they can go f*** themselves. thats what i really think., *from /r/hockey* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/aj7rv/mikael_samuelsson_on_his_olympic_snub_they_can_go/)**  * mls 2010 season lockout looming, *from /r/soccer* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/ajdkk/mls_2010_season_lockout_looming/)**  * mark derosa signs two-year $12 million deal with giants, *from /r/baseball* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/ajcj5/mark_derosa_signs_twoyear_12_million_deal_with/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [a great day for freedom](/u/subredditreports/m/libre)  ===---* "why doesn't everybody use this?", *from /r/opensource* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/opensource/comments/ajaal/why_doesnt_everybody_use_this/)**  * school board votes to keep challenged book in elementary libraries, *from /r/censorship* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/censorship/comments/aj9u0/school_board_votes_to_keep_challenged_book_in/)**  * chris paget (rfid hacker) and karsten nohl decimate gsm., *from /r/netsec* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/netsec/comments/ajcs4/chris_paget_rfid_hacker_and_karsten_nohl_decimate/)**  * analyzing pdf documents (another one), *from /r/reverseengineering* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/reverseengineering/comments/ajc80/analyzing_pdf_documents_another_one/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* here, i has a present for you&amp;amp;#8230;, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ajafs/here_i_has_a_present_for_you8230/)**  * star trek meets body paint (nsfw), *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ajdmh/star_trek_meets_body_paint_nsfw/)**  &amp;nbsp;  random!===---* want to work with an effective, inspiring non-profit? acumen fund looking for communications volunteer, *from /r/nyc* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/ajdg6/want_to_work_with_an_effective_inspiring/)**  &amp;nbsp;  [games without frontiers](/u/subredditreports/m/gameswithoutfrontiers)  ===---* best gift ever [pic], *from /r/xkcd* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd/comments/aj8bo/best_gift_ever_pic/)**  * gravity wells, *from /r/comics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/aj330/gravity_wells/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i hate fireworks.. explosions and the smell of gunpowder.. i also think that its wrong that  just because people enjoy this sh*t, i have to spend tomorrow removing fallendown fireworks from my garden.. new years eve would be a nice enough day if it weren't for fireworks.. what do you think ?++$++21
hello! i am 16 years old boy from finland and i recently got into editing. i am not a professional editor or anything like that but i enjoy editing and i would like if you guys would send me your clips and i would edit them for you :) here is a show of my work: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uudaqmi01h0excuse the bad quality, it's because my computer is bad so i couldn't record with full quality. send me your clips on centipedius5@gmail.com or anyhow you want to send them and i'll edit. remember to add in your name that i can put on the overlay and your personal wishes for the edit. thanks !with love, ordinarium aka anxk ojoyy++$++15
hello! i just got into editing and i would love to edit some of your clips as well ! here is some of my work: https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucy9t1uemgh1x1u2hyor2orq/videosand i'm practising and learning new stuff all the time! send me your clips on my gmail: centipedius5@gmail.comor pm me the download links or youtube links. i wont watch full games, i need ready clips. also remember to add in your name and your special wishes for the clip. :)with love, ordinarium aka ojoyy++$++15
but how is the multiplayer?what kind of modes does it have,and do i need to have friends for it?ps. i have no friends++$++16
do you remember that luffy, zoro and sanji uses haki all time.  usopp used haki only one single time to save luffy and me. usopp is soo strong that he didn't even need to use in his own fight haki. me and luffy had haki and we would lost against sugar but usopp saved us. using first time haki  because it was far and he didn't have time. thats why usopp is great.  day when usopp and buggy will get serious will be last day of the world.++$++23
alright. story of my life summed up. i'm from belgium and i'm now 21 years of age. father abused alcohol and drugs and died in 2008. i spiralled into severe depression, which i still have today, and ended up quitting highschool. my mom took care of me for a few years but she became depressed aswell. we just lived our sad, isolated lives. fast-forward to today. my mom has a new boyfriend who she's marrying some time in the upcoming summer. i'm happy for her, she seems happy, but the problem is that she doesn't want me around anymore and neither does her boyfriend. i wasn't invited for the holidays and they just don't really care. that's fine by me. but it's made me realise how unhappy i am. i've tried to kill myself before and failed and while i'm not scared of dying, i am of failing again and ending up with an in-between state where i won't have good life quality. so i've come up with the next option, running away and starting over. but the issue is, i have no money. i have 230 to my name at most. i've been job hunting non-stop since i turned 18 but due to unstable health issues, getting hired seems completely impossible. so i have 230. with that i could get to another country, perhaps. but then the next issue comes up; i don't have a place to stay. i don't have any international friends who are able/willing to help. i would mostly prefer to go to england. i have been on vacation a few times and i have never been happier than i was in england, ever since i was a kid it was my favourite place and i feel at home there. so my question is, what do i do? i'm literally stuck and i'm really scared of myself on my own, i've already started physically and mentally destroying myself bit by bit and it'll end in suicide if i don't act now. i'm sorry if it's quite a long read but i don't know how to explain it in fewer words. thank you and happy holidays.++$++21
species: catage: 6sex/neuter status: male, neuteredbreed: birmanbody weight: about 5 kghistory: i've forgotten what the disease is called (i think it's some latin name, it isn't very common iirc) but anyway, he has an autoimmune disease causing scabs on the ears and paws, and also small lumps around the neck. we have been recommended by a specialist to give him small doses of cortisone, which helps (against the symptoms, if we stop they come back again). otherwise healthyclinical signs: http://i.imgur.com/1rpq2en.jpg here's a picture of his eyes, one healthy, one clearly not as much. duration: maybe 3 days max. your general location: sweden. as you can see on the photo his eye is very weird, and we have no idea what is wrong. he scratches around it, i usually try to prevent him (by just putting my hand between) but sometimes i can't. he does not seem to be in pain and when we touch around there he shows no unusual signs of pain. it is also very wet around there. i will most likely go to the vet, but it's quite busy now and i don't want to wait too long.  thank you very much in advance, i must sleep soon but i can reply to any messages in the morning.++$++16
if lifeforms evolved into recognizing luminance/chrominance, what does the future hold?++$++30
willing to send physical copy via mail++$++20
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* police chief makes deal with women: if she posed nude for him, the underage alcohol charges against her would be dropped., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qm3vb/police_chief_makes_deal_with_women_if_she_posed/)**  * u.s. formally ends war in afghanistan, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qm50x/us_formally_ends_war_in_afghanistan/)**  * cincinnati cop uses badge to rape teen girl. gets 1 year in prison and keeps his pension. local media brushes it under the table. wtf, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qmk7p/cincinnati_cop_uses_badge_to_rape_teen_girl_gets/)**  * is this the luckiest cat in the world? feline left with four teeth and one eye after contracting virus was due to be put to sleep before finding peace with a loving family, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qm38r/is_this_the_luckiest_cat_in_the_world_feline_left/)**  * possibly hundreds of russian soldiers have died in ukraine, but the government refuses to acknowledge them, even to their mothers, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2qlgjf/possibly_hundreds_of_russian_soldiers_have_died/)**  * google's self-driving car hits roads next monthwithout a wheel or pedals | wired, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qmmty/googles_selfdriving_car_hits_roads_next/)**  * nyquist holds onto the puck for 30s to score a crazy ot winner, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qmts6/nyquist_holds_onto_the_puck_for_30s_to_score_a/)**  * yahoo slams 'digital will' law, says users have privacy when they die, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qnfdg/yahoo_slams_digital_will_law_says_users_have/)**  * an open letter to digital changemakers, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qnkn6/an_open_letter_to_digital_changemakers/)**  * what happened to the secret santa that left coordinates for the location of his gift?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qmd3z/what_happened_to_the_secret_santa_that_left/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk in the united states, you can put a lost id in any mailbox and the postal service will deliver it to the mailing address on the card, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qmsqf/ysk_in_the_united_states_you_can_put_a_lost_id_in/)**  * why is there a voronoi diagram on my giant reese's peanut butter cup?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qo7uf/why_is_there_a_voronoi_diagram_on_my_giant_reeses/)**  * eli5: why does phone voice quality still suck, while skype and facetime sounds like the person is right next to me?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qmmfh/eli5_why_does_phone_voice_quality_still_suck/)**  * til traffic in central london moves at the same speed as horse-drawn carriages a century ago., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qm3px/til_traffic_in_central_london_moves_at_the_same/)**  * world map of pro-cyclists (men, wt+pct) season 2015 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qmqsp/world_map_of_procyclists_men_wtpct_season_2015_oc/)**  * how to tear a phone book in half, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ql9tj/how_to_tear_a_phone_book_in_half/)**  * does blowing on a cup of tea / coffee before a sip actually significantly cool it?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qm27a/does_blowing_on_a_cup_of_tea_coffee_before_a_sip/)**  * half-abandoned twin townhouses, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qmcs4/halfabandoned_twin_townhouses/)**  * babirusa is an endemic pig, found only in indonesia(wallacea). the name literally translated as pig(babi) deer(rusa), *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qlf61/babirusa_is_an_endemic_pig_found_only_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: don't feed your pet food that you're eating, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qnnwz/lpt_dont_feed_your_pet_food_that_youre_eating/)**  * joe defranco's "limber 11" in 11 simple gifs, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qmkye/joe_defrancos_limber_11_in_11_simple_gifs/)**  * [image] don't just wish for a great 2015..., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qmpgp/image_dont_just_wish_for_a_great_2015/)**  * how to tie knots, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qmfkl/how_to_tie_knots/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* 6,000-year-old temple unearthed in ukraine, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qmivd/6000yearold_temple_unearthed_in_ukraine/)**  * russia wants to collect the dna of every creature, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qmfyo/russia_wants_to_collect_the_dna_of_every_creature/)**  * vertical structures rising 1.6 mi (2.5 km) cast jagged shadows over saturn's b ring, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qmz7w/vertical_structures_rising_16_mi_25_km_cast/)**  * quantum harmonic oscillator made simple in the python, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qm3l7/quantum_harmonic_oscillator_made_simple_in_the/)**  * i feel as though a part of my life is complete....., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qn3kn/i_feel_as_though_a_part_of_my_life_is_complete/)**  * this week in science: artificial livers, a trip to europa, and identifying cancer risk via whole genome sequencing!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qm8ap/this_week_in_science_artificial_livers_a_trip_to/)**  * terraformed mars [1024x512], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qlhge/terraformed_mars_1024x512/)**  * hey paul graham stop picking on programmers, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qmsdv/hey_paul_graham_stop_picking_on_programmers/)**  * happy birthday, linus torvalds!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qnbyg/happy_birthday_linus_torvalds/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious] what's the most useful course i can take online for free?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qm34x/serious_whats_the_most_useful_course_i_can_take/)**  * [ama request] peter jackson (director), *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qnb0s/ama_request_peter_jackson_director/)**  * i'm an ex crust punk and street kid that survived domestic abuse and became my child's autism advocate, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qmmxa/im_an_ex_crust_punk_and_street_kid_that_survived/)**  * first hijab-wearning news anchor cause drama in r/pics? time to play srd bingo with the drama?, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qm4mw/first_hijabwearning_news_anchor_cause_drama_in/)**  * writ of mandamus suggesting the recusal of judge /u/yanky_doodle_dickwad in the case of /r/funny v. /u/shiny4528, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qnsux/writ_of_mandamus_suggesting_the_recusal_of_judge/)**  * /u/y10nerd explains the problem with expecting personal responsibility to eradicate systemic poverty, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qlyzs/uy10nerd_explains_the_problem_with_expecting/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qluq1) /r/meat, /r/steak, /r/designtutorial, /r/historywhatif, /r/topgear  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the smashing machine - a sobering account of the life of mixed martial artist mark kerr and the constant battles he faces with fighters, money and drugs (2002), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qmf8c/the_smashing_machine_a_sobering_account_of_the/)**  * the good, the bad and the ugly (1966) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qmdzf/the_good_the_bad_and_the_ugly_1966_720p/)**  * anthony hopkins testing different masks for hannibal lecter in the silence of the lambs., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qmkpw/anthony_hopkins_testing_different_masks_for/)**  * repetitive pop songs 'more likely to be hits'; for each repetition of the chorus, a songs likelihood of making it to number one increases significantly, according to researchers who analysed more than 2,400 songs released over 50 years, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qm8mc/repetitive_pop_songs_more_likely_to_be_hits_for/)**  * joywave - "somebody new" [indie pop] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qmh6k/joywave_somebody_new_indie_pop_2014/)**  * reddit sob story generator, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qmsxd/reddit_sob_story_generator/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* i gave my cat a mini scarf because he was cold- he's so cozy he has not stopped purring, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qnjwz/i_gave_my_cat_a_mini_scarf_because_he_was_cold/)**  * 24th of december, noon, skogfoss norway [oc] [5,472x3,648], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qm7i6/24th_of_december_noon_skogfoss_norway_oc_5472x3648/)**  * set my gopro up next to some crumbled cheese in my garden...result?... one happy mouse., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qmp46/set_my_gopro_up_next_to_some_crumbled_cheese_in/)**  * space man? by scott mccook [750x1124], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qm8j1/space_man_by_scott_mccook_750x1124/)**  * cirrocumulus chicago christmas.[oc][5372x2940], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qm99y/cirrocumulus_chicago_christmasoc5372x2940/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* karen gillan, *from /r/gentlemanboners* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/gentlemanboners/comments/2qmpbd/karen_gillan/)**  * my girlfriends christmas present!, *from /r/radiohead* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/radiohead/comments/2qlc5g/my_girlfriends_christmas_present/)**  * action shots of some tau, *from /r/warhammer40k* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/warhammer40k/comments/2qlz2p/action_shots_of_some_tau/)**  * let's play: the long dark - surviving canada -, *from /r/letsplayvideos* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/letsplayvideos/comments/2qmug9/lets_play_the_long_dark_surviving_canada/)**  * report: common nsw bed bug has become insecticide resistant, *from /r/insects* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/insects/comments/2qmmg4/report_common_nsw_bed_bug_has_become_insecticide/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* maybe children's medicine tastes so horrible because they don't want kids to od., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qlalh/maybe_childrens_medicine_tastes_so_horrible/)**  * here's what you do: start a gang of thieves, ok? but at your robberies start leaving knitting needles, hard candy, enormous hand bags, canes etc. the cops will eventually start looking for old women, leaving you free to steal. especially when they find the needlepoint letter taunting the police., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qmuhf/heres_what_you_do_start_a_gang_of_thieves_ok_but/)**  * illegal aliens have always been a problem in the united states. ask any indian., *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qmy7o/illegal_aliens_have_always_been_a_problem_in_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* police chief makes deal with women: if she posed nude for him, the underage alcohol charges against her would be dropped., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qm3vb/police_chief_makes_deal_with_women_if_she_posed/)**  * u.s. formally ends war in afghanistan, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qm50x/us_formally_ends_war_in_afghanistan/)**  * cincinnati cop uses badge to rape teen girl. gets 1 year in prison and keeps his pension. local media brushes it under the table. wtf, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qmk7p/cincinnati_cop_uses_badge_to_rape_teen_girl_gets/)**  * is this the luckiest cat in the world? feline left with four teeth and one eye after contracting virus was due to be put to sleep before finding peace with a loving family, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qm38r/is_this_the_luckiest_cat_in_the_world_feline_left/)**  * possibly hundreds of russian soldiers have died in ukraine, but the government refuses to acknowledge them, even to their mothers, *from /r/underreportednews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/underreportednews/comments/2qlgjf/possibly_hundreds_of_russian_soldiers_have_died/)**  * google's self-driving car hits roads next monthwithout a wheel or pedals | wired, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qmmty/googles_selfdriving_car_hits_roads_next/)**  * nyquist holds onto the puck for 30s to score a crazy ot winner, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qmts6/nyquist_holds_onto_the_puck_for_30s_to_score_a/)**  * yahoo slams 'digital will' law, says users have privacy when they die, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qnfdg/yahoo_slams_digital_will_law_says_users_have/)**  * an open letter to digital changemakers, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qnkn6/an_open_letter_to_digital_changemakers/)**  * what happened to the secret santa that left coordinates for the location of his gift?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qmd3z/what_happened_to_the_secret_santa_that_left/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk in the united states, you can put a lost id in any mailbox and the postal service will deliver it to the mailing address on the card, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qmsqf/ysk_in_the_united_states_you_can_put_a_lost_id_in/)**  * why is there a voronoi diagram on my giant reese's peanut butter cup?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qo7uf/why_is_there_a_voronoi_diagram_on_my_giant_reeses/)**  * eli5: why does phone voice quality still suck, while skype and facetime sounds like the person is right next to me?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qmmfh/eli5_why_does_phone_voice_quality_still_suck/)**  * til traffic in central london moves at the same speed as horse-drawn carriages a century ago., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qm3px/til_traffic_in_central_london_moves_at_the_same/)**  * world map of pro-cyclists (men, wt+pct) season 2015 [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qmqsp/world_map_of_procyclists_men_wtpct_season_2015_oc/)**  * how to tear a phone book in half, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2ql9tj/how_to_tear_a_phone_book_in_half/)**  * does blowing on a cup of tea / coffee before a sip actually significantly cool it?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qm27a/does_blowing_on_a_cup_of_tea_coffee_before_a_sip/)**  * half-abandoned twin townhouses, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qmcs4/halfabandoned_twin_townhouses/)**  * babirusa is an endemic pig, found only in indonesia(wallacea). the name literally translated as pig(babi) deer(rusa), *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qlf61/babirusa_is_an_endemic_pig_found_only_in/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: don't feed your pet food that you're eating, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qnnwz/lpt_dont_feed_your_pet_food_that_youre_eating/)**  * joe defranco's "limber 11" in 11 simple gifs, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qmkye/joe_defrancos_limber_11_in_11_simple_gifs/)**  * [image] don't just wish for a great 2015..., *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qmpgp/image_dont_just_wish_for_a_great_2015/)**  * how to tie knots, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qmfkl/how_to_tie_knots/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* 6,000-year-old temple unearthed in ukraine, *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qmivd/6000yearold_temple_unearthed_in_ukraine/)**  * russia wants to collect the dna of every creature, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qmfyo/russia_wants_to_collect_the_dna_of_every_creature/)**  * vertical structures rising 1.6 mi (2.5 km) cast jagged shadows over saturn's b ring, *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qmz7w/vertical_structures_rising_16_mi_25_km_cast/)**  * quantum harmonic oscillator made simple in the python, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qm3l7/quantum_harmonic_oscillator_made_simple_in_the/)**  * i feel as though a part of my life is complete....., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qn3kn/i_feel_as_though_a_part_of_my_life_is_complete/)**  * this week in science: artificial livers, a trip to europa, and identifying cancer risk via whole genome sequencing!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qm8ap/this_week_in_science_artificial_livers_a_trip_to/)**  * terraformed mars [1024x512], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qlhge/terraformed_mars_1024x512/)**  * hey paul graham stop picking on programmers, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qmsdv/hey_paul_graham_stop_picking_on_programmers/)**  * happy birthday, linus torvalds!, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qnbyg/happy_birthday_linus_torvalds/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* [serious] what's the most useful course i can take online for free?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qm34x/serious_whats_the_most_useful_course_i_can_take/)**  * [ama request] peter jackson (director), *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qnb0s/ama_request_peter_jackson_director/)**  * i'm an ex crust punk and street kid that survived domestic abuse and became my child's autism advocate, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qmmxa/im_an_ex_crust_punk_and_street_kid_that_survived/)**  * first hijab-wearning news anchor cause drama in r/pics? time to play srd bingo with the drama?, *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qm4mw/first_hijabwearning_news_anchor_cause_drama_in/)**  * writ of mandamus suggesting the recusal of judge /u/yanky_doodle_dickwad in the case of /r/funny v. /u/shiny4528, *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qnsux/writ_of_mandamus_suggesting_the_recusal_of_judge/)**  * /u/y10nerd explains the problem with expecting personal responsibility to eradicate systemic poverty, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qlyzs/uy10nerd_explains_the_problem_with_expecting/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qluq1) /r/meat, /r/steak, /r/designtutorial, /r/historywhatif, /r/topgear  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* the smashing machine - a sobering account of the life of mixed martial artist mark kerr and the constant battles he faces with fighters, money and drugs (2002), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qmf8c/the_smashing_machine_a_sobering_account_of_the/)**  * the good, the bad and the ugly (1966) [720p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qmdzf/the_good_the_bad_and_the_ugly_1966_720p/)**  * anthony hopkins testing different masks for hannibal lecter in the silence of the lambs., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qmkpw/anthony_hopkins_testing_different_masks_for/)**  * repetitive pop songs 'more likely to be hits'; for each repetition of the chorus, a songs likelihood of making it to number one increases significantly, according to researchers who analysed more than 2,400 songs released over 50 years, *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qm8mc/repetitive_pop_songs_more_likely_to_be_hits_for/)**  * joywave - "somebody new" [indie pop] (2014), *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qmh6k/joywave_somebody_new_indie_pop_2014/)**  * reddit sob story generator, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qmsxd/reddit_sob_story_generator/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* i gave my cat a mini scarf because he was cold- he's so cozy he has not stopped purring, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qnjwz/i_gave_my_cat_a_mini_scarf_because_he_was_cold/)**  * 24th of december, noon, skogfoss norway [oc] [5,472x3,648], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qm7i6/24th_of_december_noon_skogfoss_norway_oc_5472x3648/)**  * set my gopro up next to some crumbled cheese in my garden...result?... one happy mouse., *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qmp46/set_my_gopro_up_next_to_some_crumbled_cheese_in/)**  * space man? by scott mccook [750x1124], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qm8j1/space_man_by_scott_mccook_750x1124/)**  * cirrocumulus chicago christmas.[oc][5372x2940], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qm99y/cirrocumulus_chicago_christmasoc5372x2940/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* karen gillan, *from /r/gentlemanboners* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/gentlemanboners/comments/2qmpbd/karen_gillan/)**  * my girlfriends christmas present!, *from /r/radiohead* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/radiohead/comments/2qlc5g/my_girlfriends_christmas_present/)**  * action shots of some tau, *from /r/warhammer40k* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/warhammer40k/comments/2qlz2p/action_shots_of_some_tau/)**  * let's play: the long dark - surviving canada -, *from /r/letsplayvideos* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/letsplayvideos/comments/2qmug9/lets_play_the_long_dark_surviving_canada/)**  * report: common nsw bed bug has become insecticide resistant, *from /r/insects* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/insects/comments/2qmmg4/report_common_nsw_bed_bug_has_become_insecticide/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* maybe children's medicine tastes so horrible because they don't want kids to od., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qlalh/maybe_childrens_medicine_tastes_so_horrible/)**  * here's what you do: start a gang of thieves, ok? but at your robberies start leaving knitting needles, hard candy, enormous hand bags, canes etc. the cops will eventually start looking for old women, leaving you free to steal. especially when they find the needlepoint letter taunting the police., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qmuhf/heres_what_you_do_start_a_gang_of_thieves_ok_but/)**  * illegal aliens have always been a problem in the united states. ask any indian., *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qmy7o/illegal_aliens_have_always_been_a_problem_in_the/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
hey i was just wondering if anybody had heard about any progress on how to get root on the r5. i've had it for a couple weeks now and the lack of root is getting kind of annoying. if anyone has any news, i'd be grateful!++$++20
i've been trying for captain america, but i really do not have all the time that others have to spend on this game. i thought i was doing awesome, i played as much as i could, but i only got like 88,000 while i'm seeing a bunch of people posting about how they got 250,000. i just don't have time for that shit! it sucks too because cap is one of my most wanted..++$++19
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on monday.  **report period:**   sunday, december 21, 2014 through saturday, december 27, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/askscience** [[full report](/2qotfb)]   ---* [how do you know a dated-at 1 million year old hammer wasn't 0.9999 million year old rock that was just made into a hammer in the last 0.0001 years?](/2qfvcf)  * [which two are more genetically different... two randomly chosen humans alive today? or a human alive today and a direct (paternal/maternal) ancestor from say 10,000 years ago?](/2qdrzd)  * [why isn't the bottom of the ocean 4c?](/2q671d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/asksciencefiction** [[full report](/2qoq3s)]   ---* [[cars universe] if running out of fuel does not kill a car, and parts are replaceable, what decides a car's death?](/2q2qb3)  * [[harry potter] its been implied wizards of the past were measurably more powerful than those today. examples include stories of feats modern wizards can't do and old magical artifacts that can't be duplicated. (eg: sorting hat, philosophers stone, deathly hallows) is there a reason for this?](/2pyppx)  * [[star wars] why do battle droids use external bladders?](/2q5ec3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astronomy** [[full report](/2qoofs)]   ---* [had to explain my wife how close the iss actually is](/2qjgkx)  * [thought you might appreciate these cookies i made (crosspost r/geek)](/2q2tqw)  * [the torture is over, i finally got to unbox &amp;amp; assemble her.](/2qdz0q)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/bitcoin** [[full report](/2qounl)]   ---* [paypal is failing in epic fashion for the millionairemakers reddit. 1.40$ sent to receive 1$, freezing the winners account, etc. meanwhile changetip users are sending 1$ and 1$ is going to the winner. no issues](/2qalmx)  * [good guy bitpay chooses open source protocol as title sponsor instead of its own brand name.](/2qhxj3)  * [nyc considers bitcoin as option to pay parking tickets](/2qew6v)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/books** [[full report](/2qovm5)]   ---* [many of the "banned" books listed in "anti-intellectualism is taking over the us" are actually available to students in the tucson school district at school libraries.](/2q5tq9)  * [whenever i read stephen king i feel like an awful person.](/2pzdsh)  * [from zero to 50 in one year.](/2qhjwq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cfb** [[full report](/2qox72)]   ---* [central michigan just pulled off one of the greatest plays in cfb history](/2qb58j)  * [my college football realignment plan.](/2q2w7c)  * [two years ago today i saw the best punt of my entire life.](/2qk513)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/conspiratard** [[full report](/2qooqk)]   ---* [in comments: lady claims obama gave himself a $1m salary, cites satire site as proof. hilarity ensues.](/2qaie6)  * [sovereign citizen answers door in full body armor when cops serve arrest warrant](/2qg965)  * [\o/ australian court to penalize homeopaths for claiming vaccine alternative](/2q5o38)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/flipping** [[full report](/2qop8z)]   ---* [gg ebay buyer](/2pzmdp)  * [just made the easiest $2000 ever.](/2qcob5)  * [thank you amazon fc and shipping company workers!!](/2q4xib)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/geek** [[full report](/2qonh1)]   ---* [happy hanukkah everyone!](/2q0tmx)  * [happy holidays, my fellow geeks.](/2qbry2)  * [the future is here](/2pxyn6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/getmotivated** [[full report](/2qos6m)]   ---* [[image] confidence is key.](/2qjcor)  * [[image] lindsey stirling posted this today. a great visualization on what never giving up on your dreams can lead to.](/2q8c8l)  * [[image] video game wisdom](/2q4dm2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/investing** [[full report](/2qoqzc)]   ---* [oil crisis explained in 3 minutes](/2q3b5b)  * ["as snyder observes, the recent drop in the price of oil by over $50 a barrel ... was completely unanticipated and outside the predictions covered by the banks computer models. the drop could cost the big banks trillions of dollars - bank of america, citigroup, jpmorgan chase](/2pzdhd)  * [i want to gift my sister some stock in coal for christmas, how do i actually go about doing that?](/2pzvdn)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/news** [[full report](/2qozcl)]   ---* [pope francis issued a blistering critique monday of the vatican bureaucracy that serves him, denouncing how some people lust for power at all costs, live hypocritical double lives and suffer from spiritual alzheimers that has made them forget theyre supposed to be joyful men of god.](/2q2aku)  * [the nsa quietly dropped 12 years worth of internal reports on christmas eve, including reports that were illegally withheld and the subject of a foia lawsuit in 2009.](/2qeqwy)  * [pizza delivery driver robbed and murdered outside a vacant apartment. he had $20 on him. worked same job for 15 years. leaves behind wife and kid.](/2q3mlr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/physics** [[full report](/2qomtp)]   ---* [christmas physics humor by neil degrasse tyson](/2qde5p)  * [breaking spaghetti confused richard feynman. i filmed it at 1/4 million frames per second to figure out why it breaks into more than 2 pieces.](/2qjpz5)  * [android users - wolfram alpha now free on amazon store](/2qaqbb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pics** [[full report](/2qp258)]   ---* [probably my luckiest photo ever. mt rainier at sunset, from a commercial flight.](/2q6erj)  * [told my students they could use a 3" x 5" notecard for the final exam...](/2pxxaj)  * [hawaiian surfer haa keaulana runs across the ocean floor with a 50 pound boulder, as training to survive the massive surf waves](/2pxx32)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/pinkfloyd** [[full report](/2qon4y)]   ---* [using the keywords "background" "wallpaper" and "desktop" i compiled an album of r/pinkfloyd's most highly voted wallpapers and smartphone backgrounds. enjoy!](/2qa0ze)  * [i think david gilmour came instead of santa](/2qddjf)  * [brother got me the original 1979 pressing of the wall. (x-post r/vinyl)](/2qhcgz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/shitrconservativesays** [[full report](/2qomm8)]   ---* [woah. watch this guy talk sense into rcons.](/2qak20)  * [turns out miyegomboclusterfuck works for the government... who would have guessed he was a jackbooted government thug in real life?](/2qk26l)  * ["no. i can't even -- it's the leftist enemies of the constitution who are dangerously deviant. the rest of us are just normal red-blooded americans wanting to keep our freedoms." [+15]](/2q2yuy)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/tech** [[full report](/2qoo0b)]   ---* [elon musk confirms fleet of spacex micro-satellites for 'very low cost' internet](/2q6bg0)  * [elon musk: the new tesla roadster can travel some 400 miles on a single charge](/2qgjpw)  * [ultrasound creates a haptic shape that can be seen and felt](/2qdfmk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/treknobabble** [[full report](/2qomf6)]   ---* [as a startrek fan, i don't think i am ok with this.](/2q7grh)  * [my husband and i visited san francisco last week. tonight i noticed that we happened to stay at a hotel right in the opening scene of san francisco in the voyage home](/2qios6)  * [my gf made me this awesome aloha shirt for x-mas this year. she went to sewing classes just to be able to do this. i think we have a winner.](/2qflaf)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/truereddit** [[full report](/2qoreb)]   ---* [genentech pays doctors to prescribe its newer more expensive drug ($2,000/dose) instead of older, cheaper, equally-effective drug avastin ($50/dose). extra cost to taxpayers: $1 billion/year](/2qaob3)  * [prosecute torturers and their bosses: no amount of legal pretzel logic can justify the behavior detailed in the report. the question is whether the nation will stand by and allow the perpetrators of torture to have perpetual immunity for their actions.](/2q3n50)  * [why airlines want to make you suffer](/2qhn8y)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/upliftingnews** [[full report](/2qonw4)]   ---* [hs kid gives classmate new sneakers because other kids were bullying him](/2q6j84)  * [family, unable to afford surgery, is forced to give up dog. vet performs surgery for free, returns dog to family.](/2qbsre)  * [this couple thought they adopted a mini-pig, but it grew up into 670 pounds of cuteness. they decided to dedicate their lives to opening an animal sanctuary, and have raised $440,225 to get started!](/2py6pi)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/worldcup** [[full report](/2qopcd)]   ---* [fifa official says england had the best bid for 2018 world cup](/2pz86v)  * [nepalese migrants building the infrastructure for 2022 world cup have died at a rate of one every two days in 2014](/2q845e)  * [world cup 2022: a nepalese worker dies every other day in qatar](/2qe7px)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
hey reddit!a little about myself:i'm 23 and i come from new hampshire. i just graduated college and am currently living at home with my parents. i majored in graphic design.now about my addiction; i started playing a game called runescape ~10 years ago in 2005. it was a healthy leisure activity at the time but quickly stemmed into playing instead of hanging with friends, doing homework or any other social activities.my parents noticed that it was a problem, and my dad owned the computer and would block the website from the browser. but i found out how to unblock it and just put it back on the block list by the time my dad would get home.a christmas in highschool, i got a laptop. this allowed me to play after my parents went to sleep. i'd play until roughly 2am from after school and save my homework for study halls.college came and my addiction sort of subsided, but that was until i was introduced to league of legends in my 3rd year of college. unlike runescape, which has a $5 subscription fee (and at the time, no microtransactions) league of legends is a free game with an unlimited pit of money that could be used to buy champions, boosts, icons for your profile, name changes, and 1-5+ skins for each champion.instead of furthering myself as a young adult to enter the business/real world, i would neglect my grades and save my homework and everything for the literal last minute and do everything with the bare minimum.throughout these years i've roughly spent $1,200 on runescape and just in the year i've been playing league roughly $700.[here is a couple cards i've managed to keep](http://imgur.com/zp29aqr)as well as an [idea of what i've spent.](http://imgur.com/kdrdt8w)now that i have graduated college, i really want to mature and try to prepare myself to become an adult. i want to work and better myself but i always find myself saying without action.instead of finding a job to pay off my loans so far, i've just been playing league of legends for roughly 12-14 hours a day. however i have a sort of ideology that i can't just leave everything behind after all of the money i've invested as well as time.and then on the days i do try to quit, i find too much time on my hands and a '1 quick game' turns into 5-10 hours and a relapse back into playing.i recognize i have a problem, but i have no idea how to defeat this and i hope there are others who have found a resolution and can offer me advice on the appropriate action to take.thank you so much and i look forward to any help i can get.++$++23
so i know alot of lyrics,but when i search it it doesnt show anything. the vocals are female and go like this."...bring sick to matter,all i ever wanted to be is running away like water. i ask the question am i tangled in destruction vicious cirlcles i hold my weapon..."++$++16
hey dpp,recently, i have been looking for a girl who has an interest in playing my best friend. as for kinks: i am pretty vanilla aside from dirty talk, impregnation, some domination and a tinge of romance. i am open to other fetishes as long as they dont include blood, scat or extreme ageplay. since i like to set up scenes with my partner, i thought i would set up some premises of how we got together and you could tell me which set up you like best. if you are a fun, smart, dirty player who is into building a sexy, dirty, but still fun story, pm me and let me know which premise grabs you (and any fetishes you are into) and i will set us up. 1) since we live together, one night i am in my room reading and i hear you fucking some guy you met out at the pub with your friends from work. while listening, i get more and more aroused and begin getting jealous that someone else is fucking you. once you two are done (and you kick him out), i walk into your room and begin making some moves on you. 2) every thursday, we plan some time to hang out after work where we get dinner, shop for records and talk about our relationships (or lack thereof). we have always been flirty and had some sexual tension, but always ignored it since we were such good friends and you are my buddys ex. however, after one particularly intense discussion, we realize we want to hook up and this leads to a passionate night of exploring each others kinks. 3) one night i am hanging out at the pub where we go almost every night. while i have always had a thing for you, it has settled into a quiet buzz in the back of my mind as opposed to something i feel i need to act one. however, on this particular night, you come into the pub wearing a really short, tight dress and fuck me pumps. amazed by how good you look and my desire for you rekindled, i decide i will do whatever it takes to have you tonight.++$++36
i've battled with depression for most of my life. as a kid, i made a promise to myself that if life didn't get better i would kill myself on my 18th birthday.it didn't get better but i was too afraid to go through with it. i kicked myself for quite a while for breaking the promise i had made to my younger self. i'm doing better now though. i'm happy with my life and glad i didn't kill myself. tonight, i'm going to have my 3 friends over so we can celebrate. we'll probably watch a movie, play some games, and have a few rounds.++$++17
i heard a rumor that all lte phones from verizon come unlocked and gsm compatible. i'd like to buy a verizon version of the moto x because it is cheaper than an unlocked device. is this true?++$++20
thank you.as a new dad to a now 5 week old guardian i have to say, thank you.thank you to the players from around the world willing to join my raid groups knowing that it might just take a little longer because i have to feed and attended my boy.thank you to the players who let me hide in a corner and change a dirty nappy during the weekly heroic and nightfalls.thank you to my wife for giving me time of day during this holiday period to jump on and get bounties done.most of all. thank you to /r/destinythegame for helping someone like me know what's coming up around the corner for the next time i play.keeping me up to date with what xur is (or isn't) selling each week.thank you.++$++25
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* 86 percent of americans support requiring patrol officers in their areas to wear small video cameras while on duty, and 87 percent support having these independent prosecutors handle cases in which unarmed americans are killed by police., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qpqh0/86_percent_of_americans_support_requiring_patrol/)**  * solar power storage prices drop 25% in germany in &amp;lt;1 year, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qpm22/solar_power_storage_prices_drop_25_in_germany_in/)**  * number of homeless people jumps to 60,000 in new york city, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qpu5f/number_of_homeless_people_jumps_to_60000_in_new/)**  * jennifer lawrence makes christmas eve visit to kentucky childrens hospital, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qqskn/jennifer_lawrence_makes_christmas_eve_visit_to/)**  * torrent freak : 'the interview' was pirated online about as much as it was legally purchased, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qptyt/torrent_freak_the_interview_was_pirated_online/)**  * jungle jim rivera was no joke, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qq3y5/jungle_jim_rivera_was_no_joke/)**  * personal injury lawyer says googles driverless car bad for business, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qqgdv/personal_injury_lawyer_says_googles_driverless/)**  * possible copyright suit could create a smaller headache for the interview, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qoto5/possible_copyright_suit_could_create_a_smaller/)**  * why do people recommend zombo.com?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qp7hc/why_do_people_recommend_zombocom/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk the difference between a heart attack and a cardiac arrest., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qpw2g/ysk_the_difference_between_a_heart_attack_and_a/)**  * can plants get "fat"?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qq5ux/can_plants_get_fat/)**  * eli5: how come theme parks can snap clear pictures and get good quality footage of people going up to 70mph but bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qpdrv/eli5_how_come_theme_parks_can_snap_clear_pictures/)**  * til that london and nyc have "buildings" which are actually facades hiding subway ventilation/maintenance systems, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qpohw/til_that_london_and_nyc_have_buildings_which_are/)**  * airline crashes since 2000...contrary to what the news might say 2014 has been one of the safest years in the airline industry. [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qpc75/airline_crashes_since_2000contrary_to_what_the/)**  * how to recover deleted photos or data from memory card, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qquxm/how_to_recover_deleted_photos_or_data_from_memory/)**  * what is emma watson originally reacting to in this gif?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qppd3/what_is_emma_watson_originally_reacting_to_in/)**  * this exoskeleton suit is commercially avaialble in japan., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qpvi7/this_exoskeleton_suit_is_commercially_avaialble/)**  * rats have shown signs of empathy by freeing other rats from cages without a reward. they've also freed other rats first when a second cage with chocolate chips was available., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qpjg7/rats_have_shown_signs_of_empathy_by_freeing_other/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if you're struggling to motivate yourself to go to the gym/for a run, get into your gym gear before you decide to slack it off, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qpcti/lpt_if_youre_struggling_to_motivate_yourself_to/)**  * exercise on a regular basis and a healthy diet can reduce the risk of alzheimer by 36%, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qpy66/exercise_on_a_regular_basis_and_a_healthy_diet/)**  * [image] words to live by, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qpo7j/image_words_to_live_by/)**  * even though its old as time, since its christmas, here's a storage tip: use toilet paper tubes for well wrangled wrapping paper, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qq6ff/even_though_its_old_as_time_since_its_christmas/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* mercury experiences seasonal meteor showers, say nasa scientists., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qpcwz/mercury_experiences_seasonal_meteor_showers_say/)**  * pain really does make us gain: pain is a kind of shortcut to mindfulness: it makes us suddenly aware of everything in the environment. it brutally draws us into a virtual sensory awareness of the world, much like meditation., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qpfze/pain_really_does_make_us_gain_pain_is_a_kind_of/)**  * this was the first identifiable picture of the andromeda galaxy, taken december 29th, 1888 by isaac roberts., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qpxfk/this_was_the_first_identifiable_picture_of_the/)**  * scientists can put groups of cells in just the right position for analysiswithout the risk of changing or damaging them. the secret is sound, according to a team of researchers who are using surface acoustic waves to manipulate cell spacing and contact., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qqbde/scientists_can_put_groups_of_cells_in_just_the/)**  * this is what i saw when i took my first look at the jupiter., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qpmp6/this_is_what_i_saw_when_i_took_my_first_look_at/)**  * a nebraskan man is attempting to build an actual warp drive in his garage, and some physicists think he's on to something., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qqwkw/a_nebraskan_man_is_attempting_to_build_an_actual/)**  * air india route map on a hand fan, est. 1960 [5696x4120], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qpz86/air_india_route_map_on_a_hand_fan_est_1960/)**  * quake running on an oscilloscope, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qpsd9/quake_running_on_an_oscilloscope/)**  * mozilla jpeg improvement effort update, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qph3g/mozilla_jpeg_improvement_effort_update/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, you suddenly own magical pajamas that keep stuff in your pockets from your dreams. what would you find when you wake up?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qpttn/reddit_you_suddenly_own_magical_pajamas_that_keep/)**  * we are a student team that will grow lettuce on mars aua!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qp7yx/we_are_a_student_team_that_will_grow_lettuce_on/)**  * in the past year i was diagnosed with cancer, went through chemo and radiation, then broke both my femurs, my foot, and had a traumatic brain injury. over thanksgiving i broke out with shingles and now i'm fighting an infection in my right leg. i dealt with this alone., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qqbfm/in_the_past_year_i_was_diagnosed_with_cancer_went/)**  * reddit asks op for a source. op asks why., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qpp16/reddit_asks_op_for_a_source_op_asks_why/)**  * /u/mshotts posts a bet at the beginning of the bears' season saying that if they go 5-11, he will insert a cheesestick with a rodgers jersey on it into his anus. he delivers (nsfw), *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qpkum/umshotts_posts_a_bet_at_the_beginning_of_the/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qp1kn) /r/askhistorians, /r/usefulwebsites, /r/unstirredpaint, /r/infographics, /r/silkysmoothmusic  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* egomania (2007) fascinating documentary about people with npd, narcissistic personality disorder, and features an interesting twist, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qqhdl/egomania_2007_fascinating_documentary_about/)**  * black mirror | season 2, special - white christmas, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qqwz9/black_mirror_season_2_special_white_christmas/)**  * star wars original trilogy despecialized edition, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qr04w/star_wars_original_trilogy_despecialized_edition/)**  * the interview (2014) 1080p part 1 | part 2 in thread, *from /r/fullmoviesonvimeo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonvimeo/comments/2qrnay/the_interview_2014_1080p_part_1_part_2_in_thread/)**  * new photo of the millenium falcon (with disney ceo bob iger), *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qq0vd/new_photo_of_the_millenium_falcon_with_disney_ceo/)**  * the mamas &amp;amp; the papas - monday, monday [60s pop], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qpf8d/the_mamas_the_papas_monday_monday_60s_pop/)**  * [discussion] hi, i'm kate with npr music. we're looking for unknown musicians to feature in a tiny desk concert! anyone here interested?, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qqno9/discussion_hi_im_kate_with_npr_music_were_looking/)**  * rubiksolve, a website to help you solve a rubiks cube. just tell it where all the colors are, and it gives a solution less than 20 steps long, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qq06z/rubiksolve_a_website_to_help_you_solve_a_rubiks/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my uncle's cat amy that followed him on his canary islands trip, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qpw3u/my_uncles_cat_amy_that_followed_him_on_his_canary/)**  * this water is blue all by itself. fairy pools, isle of skye [5177x3447][oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qp6qz/this_water_is_blue_all_by_itself_fairy_pools_isle/)**  * poppies taking over a field, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qpu9g/poppies_taking_over_a_field/)**  * the sun in x-rays from nustar. [2816x1024], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qouh1/the_sun_in_xrays_from_nustar_2816x1024/)**  * solitary cloud over the river mersey, liverpool [oc] [4608 x 3456], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qpcg2/solitary_cloud_over_the_river_mersey_liverpool_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* your reddit account is about to be deleted and transferred to 9gag.com. click the up arrow to cancel this., *from /r/circlejerk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/2qolwq/your_reddit_account_is_about_to_be_deleted_and/)**  * we did it!!!, *from /r/breastfeeding* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/breastfeeding/comments/2qpvr7/we_did_it/)**  * terra-star amphibious research vehicle [2448x1836][oc], *from /r/machineporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/machineporn/comments/2qruy8/terrastar_amphibious_research_vehicle_2448x1836oc/)**  * for people making the committment this coming thursday at midnight., *from /r/stopsmoking* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/2qps8m/for_people_making_the_committment_this_coming/)**  * looking for a comprehensive history of the global communist movement in the 20th century., *from /r/communism101* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/communism101/comments/2qq59g/looking_for_a_comprehensive_history_of_the_global/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* apple has "air." amazon has "fire." google has "earth." i think microsoft should create something called "water.", *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qqukx/apple_has_air_amazon_has_fire_google_has_earth_i/)**  * step 1: ban women from wearing pants to *empower* them. step 2: men want equality. step 3: ban men from wearing pants. now humanity is free from the self-inflicted pain that is wearing pants., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qpltg/step_1_ban_women_from_wearing_pants_to_empower/)**  * "no man ever steps in the same river twice, for it is not the same river and he is not the same man." -heraclitus of ephesus, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qot52/no_man_ever_steps_in_the_same_river_twice_for_it/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* 86 percent of americans support requiring patrol officers in their areas to wear small video cameras while on duty, and 87 percent support having these independent prosecutors handle cases in which unarmed americans are killed by police., *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qpqh0/86_percent_of_americans_support_requiring_patrol/)**  * solar power storage prices drop 25% in germany in &amp;lt;1 year, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qpm22/solar_power_storage_prices_drop_25_in_germany_in/)**  * number of homeless people jumps to 60,000 in new york city, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qpu5f/number_of_homeless_people_jumps_to_60000_in_new/)**  * jennifer lawrence makes christmas eve visit to kentucky childrens hospital, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2qqskn/jennifer_lawrence_makes_christmas_eve_visit_to/)**  * torrent freak : 'the interview' was pirated online about as much as it was legally purchased, *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qptyt/torrent_freak_the_interview_was_pirated_online/)**  * jungle jim rivera was no joke, *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qq3y5/jungle_jim_rivera_was_no_joke/)**  * personal injury lawyer says googles driverless car bad for business, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qqgdv/personal_injury_lawyer_says_googles_driverless/)**  * possible copyright suit could create a smaller headache for the interview, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2qoto5/possible_copyright_suit_could_create_a_smaller/)**  * why do people recommend zombo.com?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qp7hc/why_do_people_recommend_zombocom/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk the difference between a heart attack and a cardiac arrest., *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qpw2g/ysk_the_difference_between_a_heart_attack_and_a/)**  * can plants get "fat"?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qq5ux/can_plants_get_fat/)**  * eli5: how come theme parks can snap clear pictures and get good quality footage of people going up to 70mph but bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qpdrv/eli5_how_come_theme_parks_can_snap_clear_pictures/)**  * til that london and nyc have "buildings" which are actually facades hiding subway ventilation/maintenance systems, *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qpohw/til_that_london_and_nyc_have_buildings_which_are/)**  * airline crashes since 2000...contrary to what the news might say 2014 has been one of the safest years in the airline industry. [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qpc75/airline_crashes_since_2000contrary_to_what_the/)**  * how to recover deleted photos or data from memory card, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qquxm/how_to_recover_deleted_photos_or_data_from_memory/)**  * what is emma watson originally reacting to in this gif?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qppd3/what_is_emma_watson_originally_reacting_to_in/)**  * this exoskeleton suit is commercially avaialble in japan., *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qpvi7/this_exoskeleton_suit_is_commercially_avaialble/)**  * rats have shown signs of empathy by freeing other rats from cages without a reward. they've also freed other rats first when a second cage with chocolate chips was available., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qpjg7/rats_have_shown_signs_of_empathy_by_freeing_other/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: if you're struggling to motivate yourself to go to the gym/for a run, get into your gym gear before you decide to slack it off, *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2qpcti/lpt_if_youre_struggling_to_motivate_yourself_to/)**  * exercise on a regular basis and a healthy diet can reduce the risk of alzheimer by 36%, *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qpy66/exercise_on_a_regular_basis_and_a_healthy_diet/)**  * [image] words to live by, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qpo7j/image_words_to_live_by/)**  * even though its old as time, since its christmas, here's a storage tip: use toilet paper tubes for well wrangled wrapping paper, *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qq6ff/even_though_its_old_as_time_since_its_christmas/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* mercury experiences seasonal meteor showers, say nasa scientists., *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qpcwz/mercury_experiences_seasonal_meteor_showers_say/)**  * pain really does make us gain: pain is a kind of shortcut to mindfulness: it makes us suddenly aware of everything in the environment. it brutally draws us into a virtual sensory awareness of the world, much like meditation., *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qpfze/pain_really_does_make_us_gain_pain_is_a_kind_of/)**  * this was the first identifiable picture of the andromeda galaxy, taken december 29th, 1888 by isaac roberts., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qpxfk/this_was_the_first_identifiable_picture_of_the/)**  * scientists can put groups of cells in just the right position for analysiswithout the risk of changing or damaging them. the secret is sound, according to a team of researchers who are using surface acoustic waves to manipulate cell spacing and contact., *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qqbde/scientists_can_put_groups_of_cells_in_just_the/)**  * this is what i saw when i took my first look at the jupiter., *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qpmp6/this_is_what_i_saw_when_i_took_my_first_look_at/)**  * a nebraskan man is attempting to build an actual warp drive in his garage, and some physicists think he's on to something., *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qqwkw/a_nebraskan_man_is_attempting_to_build_an_actual/)**  * air india route map on a hand fan, est. 1960 [5696x4120], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qpz86/air_india_route_map_on_a_hand_fan_est_1960/)**  * quake running on an oscilloscope, *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qpsd9/quake_running_on_an_oscilloscope/)**  * mozilla jpeg improvement effort update, *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qph3g/mozilla_jpeg_improvement_effort_update/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* reddit, you suddenly own magical pajamas that keep stuff in your pockets from your dreams. what would you find when you wake up?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qpttn/reddit_you_suddenly_own_magical_pajamas_that_keep/)**  * we are a student team that will grow lettuce on mars aua!, *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qp7yx/we_are_a_student_team_that_will_grow_lettuce_on/)**  * in the past year i was diagnosed with cancer, went through chemo and radiation, then broke both my femurs, my foot, and had a traumatic brain injury. over thanksgiving i broke out with shingles and now i'm fighting an infection in my right leg. i dealt with this alone., *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qqbfm/in_the_past_year_i_was_diagnosed_with_cancer_went/)**  * reddit asks op for a source. op asks why., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qpp16/reddit_asks_op_for_a_source_op_asks_why/)**  * /u/mshotts posts a bet at the beginning of the bears' season saying that if they go 5-11, he will insert a cheesestick with a rodgers jersey on it into his anus. he delivers (nsfw), *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qpkum/umshotts_posts_a_bet_at_the_beginning_of_the/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qp1kn) /r/askhistorians, /r/usefulwebsites, /r/unstirredpaint, /r/infographics, /r/silkysmoothmusic  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* egomania (2007) fascinating documentary about people with npd, narcissistic personality disorder, and features an interesting twist, *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qqhdl/egomania_2007_fascinating_documentary_about/)**  * black mirror | season 2, special - white christmas, *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qqwz9/black_mirror_season_2_special_white_christmas/)**  * star wars original trilogy despecialized edition, *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qr04w/star_wars_original_trilogy_despecialized_edition/)**  * the interview (2014) 1080p part 1 | part 2 in thread, *from /r/fullmoviesonvimeo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonvimeo/comments/2qrnay/the_interview_2014_1080p_part_1_part_2_in_thread/)**  * new photo of the millenium falcon (with disney ceo bob iger), *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qq0vd/new_photo_of_the_millenium_falcon_with_disney_ceo/)**  * the mamas &amp;amp; the papas - monday, monday [60s pop], *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qpf8d/the_mamas_the_papas_monday_monday_60s_pop/)**  * [discussion] hi, i'm kate with npr music. we're looking for unknown musicians to feature in a tiny desk concert! anyone here interested?, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2qqno9/discussion_hi_im_kate_with_npr_music_were_looking/)**  * rubiksolve, a website to help you solve a rubiks cube. just tell it where all the colors are, and it gives a solution less than 20 steps long, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qq06z/rubiksolve_a_website_to_help_you_solve_a_rubiks/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* my uncle's cat amy that followed him on his canary islands trip, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qpw3u/my_uncles_cat_amy_that_followed_him_on_his_canary/)**  * this water is blue all by itself. fairy pools, isle of skye [5177x3447][oc], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qp6qz/this_water_is_blue_all_by_itself_fairy_pools_isle/)**  * poppies taking over a field, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qpu9g/poppies_taking_over_a_field/)**  * the sun in x-rays from nustar. [2816x1024], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qouh1/the_sun_in_xrays_from_nustar_2816x1024/)**  * solitary cloud over the river mersey, liverpool [oc] [4608 x 3456], *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qpcg2/solitary_cloud_over_the_river_mersey_liverpool_oc/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* your reddit account is about to be deleted and transferred to 9gag.com. click the up arrow to cancel this., *from /r/circlejerk* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/2qolwq/your_reddit_account_is_about_to_be_deleted_and/)**  * we did it!!!, *from /r/breastfeeding* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/breastfeeding/comments/2qpvr7/we_did_it/)**  * terra-star amphibious research vehicle [2448x1836][oc], *from /r/machineporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/machineporn/comments/2qruy8/terrastar_amphibious_research_vehicle_2448x1836oc/)**  * for people making the committment this coming thursday at midnight., *from /r/stopsmoking* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/2qps8m/for_people_making_the_committment_this_coming/)**  * looking for a comprehensive history of the global communist movement in the 20th century., *from /r/communism101* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/communism101/comments/2qq59g/looking_for_a_comprehensive_history_of_the_global/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* apple has "air." amazon has "fire." google has "earth." i think microsoft should create something called "water.", *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qqukx/apple_has_air_amazon_has_fire_google_has_earth_i/)**  * step 1: ban women from wearing pants to *empower* them. step 2: men want equality. step 3: ban men from wearing pants. now humanity is free from the self-inflicted pain that is wearing pants., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qpltg/step_1_ban_women_from_wearing_pants_to_empower/)**  * "no man ever steps in the same river twice, for it is not the same river and he is not the same man." -heraclitus of ephesus, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qot52/no_man_ever_steps_in_the_same_river_twice_for_it/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
so im pretty bad at tera but i've been questing on my new dps warrior, and i make sure that i always roll to dodge hits and move around and utilize the wide radius of my auto attack. i still get mobbed by annoying mobs, the female thief ones or whatever, and im scared it'll just get worse. is it supposed to be so difficult and tedious?++$++15
i never had issue dating in high school. girls were pretty happy and flirty, and things felt sort of natural. like in class a girl might jab you in the side or do cute things to get your attention, and i could be myself and didn't have to worry about being "impressive."it seems that now (perhaps this is just my insecurity) women find jabbing and fun flirting type things as immature and i find that it is difficult to really be myself! also, i find girls that think i am attractive because of money or something really unattractive and not good potential partners.in college, a lot of girls are stressed out and don't really seem as happy or "in-to" me or even "in-to" dating and i get a sort of "meh" feeling from it. it's like they are sort of just crossing their arms waiting for a guy to just do everything for them or are super stressed with school and too anxious to be dating.how can i meet someone that i really love and not just feel "meh" about dating? i mean, i feel pretty much like any girl i'd date i'd feel the same about and i don't like that... it didn't used to be that way. maybe when you get older feelings are less intense and more shallow?++$++22
i haven't felt a deep sense of emotion, passion, or even real deep attraction since my high school love over 5 years ago. i see my friends dating and really hitting things off, and i feel unable to really even feel like i have a crush on anybody.adult dating seems so rigid and full of anxiety. before, i could just jab a girl i liked in the side during class and she would giggle and things would be fun, now i feel like superficial things like money are important, and flirting would seem immature or "too forward."i don't know what i want, but all i know is what i've been seeing and/or doing isn't working :(++$++22
so, i noticed that there aren't a lot of options for a straight male in inquisition. you want to be bi? sure. gay? go for it. straight? you get 2 and one of them is also available if you were female.nothing against life choices and all that jazz, but i remember in origins you were given 2 females to romance and a guy if you were male, and 2 guys and a girl if you went female. now, the female gets 2 more romance options than the male and most of the options for a female are guys; the exceptions are josephine and sera. for the male, you get cassandra and josephine and the rest are guys. i'm all for catering to everyone's sexual preference, but can we give the straight male inquisitor a few more women to work with?++$++20
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on tuesday.  **report period:**   monday, december 22, 2014 through sunday, december 28, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/astrophotography** [[full report](/2qsc7g)]   ---* [io transiting jupiter on christmas eve (3.5-hour timelapse)](/2qjipj)  * [album of my first year of astrophotography! from sucking to sucking a little less. 72 photos!](/2q7svc)  * [400mm canon shot of orion nebula finally stacked. damn satellites...](/2qmsw0)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/canadapolitics** [[full report](/2qsfaw)]   ---* [a canadian city once eliminated poverty and nearly everyone forgot about it](/2qdu1y)  * [amanda lang took money from manulife &amp;amp; sun life, gave them favourable cbc coverage](/2q4592)  * [science and r&amp;amp;d spending down under harper](/2q2mj2)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/circlejerkaustralia** [[full report](/2qscup)]   ---* [here's a picture of brisbane. you might think it is a pretty city, but look closer and you'll see it's full of bogans and inbred queenslander cunts. don't judge a book by its cover.](/2qlbun)  * [upvote if, like me, you decided to waive the traditional holiday to inform people on the internet about our lord and savior ludlum and the cunt that is abbott.](/2qf04t)  * [i am literally shaking at the level of bravery on display here](/2qlzvk)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/cordcutters** [[full report](/2qsdtq)]   ---* [directtv christmas scumbags doing scummy mail.](/2q76jt)  * [psa: plex is free today on the amazon appstore](/2qa00b)  * [christmas shows on archive.org](/2q3mjb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dataisbeautiful** [[full report](/2qseyh)]   ---* [i pinged every address in the internet and this is the result (very high resolution) [oc]](/2qjtk7)  * [data about the redditors who send me pictures [oc]](/2q2l2m)  * [the dude map: how americans refer to their bros](/2q6k7g)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dinosaurs** [[full report](/2qsbgl)]   ---* [[fluff] tea-rex - what girls really want.](/2qg25u)  * [[fluff] my friend made the nativity t-rexes a reality (x-post from /r/funny)](/2q74kt)  * [[dino art][oc] paper dinosaur masks](/2q472k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/explainlikeimfive** [[full report](/2qsmo7)]   ---* [eli5: what was illegal about the stock trading done by jordan belfort as seen in the wolf of wall street?](/2q2fii)  * [eli5: if it were possible to fly a space craft into the sun without becoming a giant burnt marshmallow... would the ship crash on the surface, or pass through because it made of gas?](/2qjbyq)  * [eli5:why are dentists their own separate "thing" and not like any other specialty doctor?](/2qc1j4)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/funny** [[full report](/2qsuhq)]   ---* [i replaced a picture of my sister with one of vladimir putin before my family came over for christmas, they haven't noticed yet.](/2qdlii)  * [a gorilla flipped me off, so i flipped him off in return and he was very offended.](/2q3e87)  * [the neighbors are efficient: 8:40am, christmas morning.](/2qd90d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/indonesia** [[full report](/2qshr3)]   ---* [detiknews : pesawat airasia rute surabaya-singapura hilang kontak](/2ql52o)  * [mulai 2015, semua tayangan infotainment hadir di atas jam 10 malam](/2q8uvx)  * [[live] airasia flight qz 8501](/2ql8sm)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/learnuselesstalents** [[full report](/2qsbau)]   ---* [putting on your pants with no arms.](/2qlojj)  * [10 easy things to learn to mildly impress people.](/2q0vl4)  * [how to make chocolate bowls](/2q5dki)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/lifeprotips** [[full report](/2qseg2)]   ---* [lpt: start 2015 off with an empty jar and fill it with notes of good things that happen. on new year's eve, empty it and see what awesome stuff happened that year.](/2q1dam)  * [lpt: check craigslist the next few days for people getting rid of their old tv's](/2qenbq)  * [lpt - do not put the boxes of the items you receive today out with the trash.](/2qd989)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/manga** [[full report](/2qsgje)]   ---* [[beelezebub] how to handle kids on christmas](/2qd3dr)  * [my reddit secret santa gift :))](/2q5je4)  * [the internet reacts to a cute girl [past future]](/2qgbyo)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minimalism** [[full report](/2qsckk)]   ---* [route 1 (ring road), iceland.](/2qj241)  * [nice minimalist photo from r/winterporn](/2q9shy)  * [i captured a hawk flying away with a snake and the photo came out minimal.](/2q060y)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/music** [[full report](/2qso0t)]   ---* [singer joe cocker dies aged 70](/2q38oj)  * [repetitive pop songs 'more likely to be hits'; for each repetition of the chorus, a songs likelihood of making it to number one increases significantly, according to researchers who analysed more than 2,400 songs released over 50 years](/2qm8mc)  * [korean singer, "yoon mi rae" takes legal action against sony pictures for using her song in "the interview" without permission](/2qj1yd)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nascar** [[full report](/2qsdam)]   ---* [i made my brother a more realistic danica patrick car for christmas](/2qf2df)  * [there's a smarta** in every crowd](/2qdf1w)  * [they do exist](/2qjk09)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nba** [[full report](/2qsscv)]   ---* [[gif] juwan and the heat staring at lebron after the game from the bench](/2qez0a)  * [vinsanity!](/2q4x74)  * [[spears] the pistons announce that they have waived josh smith. wow](/2q2y84)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/photoshopbattles** [[full report](/2qsjq3)]   ---* [psbattle: a baby turtle tucked away in its shell.](/2q6k95)  * [psbattle: smug teacher on christmas](/2q29ta)  * [psbattle: dog in a white seal costume](/2q9ygr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/running** [[full report](/2qshd0)]   ---* [a merry christmas run from brisbane, australia!](/2qczt0)  * [i did my first marathon and i can see where i hit the wall.](/2qmg5r)  * [running is amazing](/2q9hvm)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/showerthoughts** [[full report](/2qsl7d)]   ---* [i just got a book (made of tree) and put it in gift wrap (made of tree). then i wrote a card in pencil (made of more trees) to put it in an envelope (another tree) and put it all under a goddamned tree.](/2q81rp)  * [most people are buried in suits and stuff so a zombie apocalypse would be a formal event](/2qf2d7)  * [getting another set of teeth would be much more useful at age 60 than age 6.](/2q2gr1)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/squaredcircle** [[full report](/2qsp6r)]   ---* [spoiler(?) best sign of raw](/2q76h2)  * [current state of commentary summed up in one image.](/2ql0q0)  * [wreddit gets a mention on this week's nxt](/2qd42v)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/stockmarket** [[full report](/2qsbmu)]   ---* [in 2014, buffett admitted tesco as 'huge mistake'. the man is remarkable, no excuses and gloss over explanations.](/2q607p)  * [$10,000 stock simulator picks. would this be a good portfolio if i really invested it?](/2qbzaa)  * [thank you all for an amazing 2014! i want to hear what you would like to see more of here in r/stockmarket in 2015 [poll within]](/2qg93o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/technology** [[full report](/2qsqj9)]   ---* [fcc states it "misplaced" around 600,000 net neutrality comments](/2qa05v)  * [t-mobile wins a big victory over at&amp;amp;t and verizon that could bring lower prices for consumers](/2q2jsk)  * [bill gates: people don't realize how many jobs will soon be replaced by software bots](/2qjr8d)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/youshouldknow** [[full report](/2qsbud)]   ---* [ysk in the united states, you can put a lost id in any mailbox and the postal service will deliver it to the mailing address on the card](/2qmsqf)  * [ysk about dolly parton's imagination library, a charity which promotes child literacy by sending free, age-appropriate books to any child ages 0-5 each month regardless of income in the us, uk, canada, and australia. over 816,000 children have received 60 million free books to date.](/2qdjwc)  * [ysk your donated blood is sold, and oneblood's (fl, usa) ceo makes more money than american red cross.](/2qa72o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
hey dpp,recently, i have been looking for a girl who has an interest in playing my best friend. as for kinks: i am pretty vanilla aside from dirty talk, impregnation, some domination and a tinge of romance. i am open to other fetishes as long as they dont include blood, scat or extreme ageplay. since i like to set up scenes with my partner, i thought i would set up some premises of how we got together and you could tell me which set up you like best. if you are a fun, smart, dirty player who is into building a sexy, dirty, but still fun story, pm me and let me know which premise grabs you (and any fetishes you are into) and i will set us up. 1) since we live together, one night i am in my room reading and i hear you fucking some guy you met out at the pub with your friends from work. while listening, i get more and more aroused and begin getting jealous that someone else is fucking you. once you two are done (and you kick him out), i walk into your room and begin making some moves on you. 2) every thursday, we plan some time to hang out after work where we get dinner, shop for records and talk about our relationships (or lack thereof). we have always been flirty and had some sexual tension, but always ignored it since we were such good friends and you are my buddys ex. however, after one particularly intense discussion, we realize we want to hook up and this leads to a passionate night of exploring each others kinks. 3) one night i am hanging out at the pub where we go almost every night. while i have always had a thing for you, it has settled into a quiet buzz in the back of my mind as opposed to something i feel i need to act one. however, on this particular night, you come into the pub wearing a really short, tight dress and fuck me pumps. amazed by how good you look and my desire for you rekindled, i decide i will do whatever it takes to have you tonight.++$++36
hello dpp,over the last few weeks, i have been trying to get back into playing some fun, dirty role plays with all of my awesome friends here. today, i am in the mood for a celebrity role play. i would like to find a partner who is willing to play a celebrity (we can talk about our favorites and land on someone we both like) and craft a scene that fits both of our kinks. lately, i have been in a pretty vanilla, romantic mood but can also go for something a little kinkier.i like longer term rps, but as long as the chemistry is right, i can be flexible about this as well. to start us off, below are some scenes that i have played in the past that have been fun:1) you are a pop star (taylor swift, katy perry, etc) and i am a snobby critic for a rock magazine that has been forced to interview you before a concert about your new album. the interview starts confrontationally but your charm and sexiness eventually wears me down and i open up. we begin to flirt and one thing leads to another2) i am the member of an illuminati-style secret society. once a year, our group meets to celebrate our victories and make our plans for the coming year. at the end of the final ceremony, each member is given the key to hotel suite. once i get to the hotel, i open up the door and there you are (a major a-list celebrity) who is given to me for a night of pleasure in exchange for our support keeping your career going.3) you are an a-list actress who has accepted the lead role in a film by a first time screenwriter and director. during our first meeting to discuss the production, we flirt but both keep things professional. through the production of the film, our relationship morphs from a friendly professional one to a romantic and sexual relationship.if you like any of these prompts, feel free to let me know. if not and you still want to play, i am more than open to coming up with a scene that you would like to play. my only real limits are blood, extreme violence, ageplay and incest.++$++36
i (33/m) had gone 60+ days without pmo. i had even managed to nofap the whole way through. at the tail end of this streak, i started seeing a great girl and the rapport on all levels, including sexual, is strong! it was in the days following our first encounters that the urge to pmo got the better of me. it's as if having achieved orgasm unleashed a body memory that encouraged me to chase the dragon, again. i'm in the middle of two weeks off for holidays and some of my days off i've spent alone and have seriously overindulged. it's a bummer, sure, but instead of being ashamed and disappointed in myself i'm going to remind myself of how well i did on my past streak and recommit myself to pornfree and nofap.++$++33
i got free copy from my friend for game called dead island epidemic which i never heard of it before and gave it a shot. it bought me back a memories of playing game that are much similar to dead island epidemic! i played on ps2 long long time ago. can't remember the name of that game. it has 4 characters to choose from. it also has zombies and witch i think. no not left 4 dead. i am talking about bird view game type. help me find that name. i think it started with the ------ edit: found it! it was called hunter the reckoning. it was such good game in my childhood!++$++21
i'm torn between the two. i'm mainly a gamer and i also edit videos.++$++14
last video was them playing cars in the beginning and they kept on saying they were so happy the 3rd wasn't there but he was behind him and the second guy kept waving him no. ended with like 4 sets of the 3 of them all mad at each other. please someone know what i'm talking about++$++25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5vjhb0besy&amp;feature=youtu.betell me what you think and give me feedback :)++$++15
who is sanji?++$++23
one of the things i miss about my 360 is the long battery life on the controllers because even if i left my xbox on, they'd shut off when not in use. with the ps4, the controller stays on the entire time i'm watching a show or movie, so it seems to need charging every day.is there like a power-saving setting or something for the ps4?++$++17
so for a good long while i've been doing an rp about a toxic messed up relationship, cheating, hate sex and even some non con and its been great, and i'd like to start another, but maybe tweak it a little.i was thinking maybe adding a bit of incest, maybe my sister likes to be a bitch. wearing slutty clothes, telling my friend embarrassing truths or worse lies. what i don't realize is the sexual tension isn't just from me, so one night out of frustration we fuck, and it starts a chain of hate fucking.maybe we're exes, we try to hang out be friendly but it usually ends up in fighting and eventual sex. then there's the roommate idea. maybe we're roommates and simple arguments turn into angry sex, or you're my gf's roommate who likes to bitch about me, but doesn't complain when i fuck you late at night.finally there's the standard relationship. we cheat, we fight, we fuck and we're lovey dovey again.++$++20
why do you do dpp? just to get off? to get other people off?  boredom? what inspires your best work?i've been her for just shy of a year, and i've had some great exchanges and some bad ones. but i've realized i am driven by my partners. i'm an m4f poster, i've tried some rps with guys and found i lack motivation.i realized awhile ago that i am driven by that message from a girl saying "that was amazing/hot!" when the prompt ends, or maybe that message where we're just chatting and they tell me how turned on they are. it rarely has anything to do with me, i can be dry as a bone or cum in my pants and it won't matter to me.so how about you? what's your motivation?++$++20
i know it sounds silly, but given the tendencies of gk in this game, i'm not so sure.++$++20
i am a gold v adc main and lately i have been smurfing on my (atm) silver ii smurf. why is it that i feel like i can easily win games on silver 2 account with gold iii-ish mmr but i find it hard to win games with gold 5 account with silver 2-ish mmr?tl;dr: easy to win with s2 account with g3 mmr but hard to win with g5 account with s2 mmr, what is happening?++$++15
it's pretty gross but today, i had 3 1/2 slices of pizza for lunch and 2 servings of orange chicken and rice for dinner.i only managed to do 25 minutes on the treadmill even though i had originally planned for at least 45.this is why i'm fat.++$++17
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours. this report is also cross-posted to /r/dailyherald.  &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* low-level offenses virtually ignored in new york city since the deaths of 2 nypd officers, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qt8hw/lowlevel_offenses_virtually_ignored_in_new_york/)**  * airasia live: emergency slide, plane door seen in search for missing qz8501, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qsg38/airasia_live_emergency_slide_plane_door_seen_in/)**  * new level: monsanto tries patenting natural tomatoes, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qtn8g/new_level_monsanto_tries_patenting_natural/)**  * basma hameed creates booming business tattooing scars, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2quehn/basma_hameed_creates_booming_business_tattooing/)**  * comcast to customer: yes, we promised you a price. we refuse to honor our quote, despite the audio recording you've provided., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qtmj3/comcast_to_customer_yes_we_promised_you_a_price/)**  * quit your bullshit, skip bayless! (x-post /r/quityourbullshit), *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qsfkt/quit_your_bullshit_skip_bayless_xpost/)**  * victims of g.m. deadly defect fall through legal cracks: because of the $350,000 maximum recovery for loss of society in wisconsin and the extreme expense of litigating the case against general motors, our office is unwilling to become involved in this matter, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qtid5/victims_of_gm_deadly_defect_fall_through_legal/)**  * prying eyes: inside the nsa's war on internet security | us and british intelligence agencies undertake every effort imaginable to crack all types of encrypted internet communication. the good news: new snowden documents show that some forms of encryption still cause problems for the nsa, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2quyxg/prying_eyes_inside_the_nsas_war_on_internet/)**  * where is this creepy gif from?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qu9u3/where_is_this_creepy_gif_from/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that through a us government website you can find out how much money pharmaceutical companies spent on your specific doctor, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qu4ou/ysk_that_through_a_us_government_website_you_can/)**  * does having night vision automatically, unavoidably mean losing the ability to see color?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qu10d/does_having_night_vision_automatically/)**  * eli5: how does putting a plastic bag on your atm card help it read when it's having issues?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qu656/eli5_how_does_putting_a_plastic_bag_on_your_atm/)**  * til american flags made in china are banned in the u.s. military., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qtr1e/til_american_flags_made_in_china_are_banned_in/)**  * three years of running around my neighborhood [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qugmx/three_years_of_running_around_my_neighborhood_oc/)**  * how to make a "lighter" from a battery and gum foil, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qt6h0/how_to_make_a_lighter_from_a_battery_and_gum_foil/)**  * how did the amish choose the time period to live in?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qtf7c/how_did_the_amish_choose_the_time_period_to_live/)**  * this old postcard my friend said he found at his grandmothers when they were cleaning out the attic, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qtj1x/this_old_postcard_my_friend_said_he_found_at_his/)**  * the iberian ribbed newt has a unique defense against predators: its ribs can puncture its skin becoming poison coated spines. the newt recovers quickly., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qtm5s/the_iberian_ribbed_newt_has_a_unique_defense/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: pay an additional $50, $100, or whatever on your mortgage payment. you will save tens of thousands of dollars., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2quivo/lpt_pay_an_additional_50_100_or_whatever_on_your/)**  * my favourite form of exercise doesn't get enough love here., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qto3p/my_favourite_form_of_exercise_doesnt_get_enough/)**  * [image] this one gets me through alot, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qt8ru/image_this_one_gets_me_through_alot/)**  * cheaply upgrade/replace ear buds for your head phones., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qu1r5/cheaply_upgradereplace_ear_buds_for_your_head/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* "the ebola victim who is believed to have triggered the current outbreak - a two-year-old boy called emile ouamouno from guinea - may have been infected by playing in a hollow tree housing a colony of bats, say scientists.", *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qtcg7/the_ebola_victim_who_is_believed_to_have/)**  * vermont shuts down nuclear power plant to make way for renewable energy, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qt8il/vermont_shuts_down_nuclear_power_plant_to_make/)**  * rare photo of three of saturn's moons., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qt80f/rare_photo_of_three_of_saturns_moons/)**  * large hadron collider ready to delve even deeper than god particle as it switches back on at double power, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qtdyr/large_hadron_collider_ready_to_delve_even_deeper/)**  * current coronal hole is huge, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qtonb/current_coronal_hole_is_huge/)**  * i put all kurzweil's future predictions on a timeline. enjoy!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qtjho/i_put_all_kurzweils_future_predictions_on_a/)**  * the world island, "who controls the world island commands the world" made by richard harrison in 1943 [3686x2957], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qt3bo/the_world_island_who_controls_the_world_island/)**  * origin of the &amp;lt;blink&amp;gt; tag in html. "we were drunk...", *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qtghi/origin_of_the_blink_tag_in_html_we_were_drunk/)**  * "according to an nsa document, the agency intended to crack 10 million intercepted https connections a day by late 2012by the end of 2012, the system was supposed to be able to 'detect the presence of at least 100 password based encryption applications' in each instance some 20,000 times a month.", *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qtup4/according_to_an_nsa_document_the_agency_intended/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what's the simplest thing you can't do?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qt7xe/whats_the_simplest_thing_you_cant_do/)**  * i am an oilfield worker, ama., *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qtrkz/i_am_an_oilfield_worker_ama/)**  * i finally had sex with pizza dough! ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qswlv/i_finally_had_sex_with_pizza_dough_ama/)**  * a user believes commercial flight is extremely dangerous, then crashes and burns when someone shows him the statistics., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qu34o/a_user_believes_commercial_flight_is_extremely/)**  * karma court's kickin' kwanzaa k-party..., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qtkpy/karma_courts_kickin_kwanzaa_kparty/)**  * can you hear these words in your head as you read them? u/drocks27/ has some tips on how to shut your brain up, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qtlqm/can_you_hear_these_words_in_your_head_as_you_read/)**  * moderators: clean up modmail tagline, *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2qv25b/moderators_clean_up_modmail_tagline/)**  * [reddit change] you can now edit your comments directly from your userpage, *from /r/changelog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/changelog/comments/2qu47u/reddit_change_you_can_now_edit_your_comments/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qsrhc) /r/slowcooking, /r/heavyseas, /r/pens, /r/drunklego, /r/talesfromsecurity  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* japans hidden poor: 12-year old yumi lives on $3 a day (2014) (x-post from /r/vicejapan), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qsqjr/japans_hidden_poor_12year_old_yumi_lives_on_3_a/)**  * the interview (2014) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qtwpl/the_interview_2014_1080p/)**  * apollo 13 (1995), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qujhi/apollo_13_1995/)**  * fury (2014) 720p part 1| parts 2 &amp;amp; 3 in thread, *from /r/fullmoviesonvimeo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonvimeo/comments/2qtx5k/fury_2014_720p_part_1_parts_2_3_in_thread/)**  * christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot, remake, sequel, or part of a franchise., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qtw77/christopher_nolans_interstellar_is_the_only_film/)**  * david bowie - suffragette city [classic rock](1972), *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qt5y6/david_bowie_suffragette_city_classic_rock1972/)**  * bitch falcon -- syncope [noise rock] (2014) really cool, noisey, riff-based rock band from dublin, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2quvr8/bitch_falcon_syncope_noise_rock_2014_really_cool/)**  * for my cakeday i created a quick tool to show you the reddit homepage from the day you created your account, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qtk8a/for_my_cakeday_i_created_a_quick_tool_to_show_you/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* local store has a very cute employee, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qucmc/local_store_has_a_very_cute_employee/)**  * winter stars, moonlight, and a storm moving in over tahoe last night [oc by phil mosby][2048x2163], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qtlyv/winter_stars_moonlight_and_a_storm_moving_in_over/)**  * this just happened at morton salt co. in chicago, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qukva/this_just_happened_at_morton_salt_co_in_chicago/)**  * the magnetic field along the galactic plane[3197 x 3200], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qttfe/the_magnetic_field_along_the_galactic_plane3197_x/)**  * surreal skies, bjarred, sweden, 28/12-14, [oc], [2048x1152]., *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qte9b/surreal_skies_bjarred_sweden_281214_oc_2048x1152/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* gorillaz - damon days [1000x1000], *from /r/albumartporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/albumartporn/comments/2qu8id/gorillaz_damon_days_1000x1000/)**  * [fr] f-close at my friends kickback, *from /r/highseddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/highseddit/comments/2qtgu0/fr_fclose_at_my_friends_kickback/)**  * promo foil rdww inside game trade magazine issue #179, *from /r/mlpccg* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mlpccg/comments/2qv7pb/promo_foil_rdww_inside_game_trade_magazine_issue/)**  * the big lebowski - peter stormare as a nihilist in dream, *from /r/cutouts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cutouts/comments/2qsai5/the_big_lebowski_peter_stormare_as_a_nihilist_in/)**  * a friend of mine made a twisty mask for his dad for christmas. he also happens to look a lot like dandy, *from /r/americanhorrorstory* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/americanhorrorstory/comments/2qsbsq/a_friend_of_mine_made_a_twisty_mask_for_his_dad/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* i can tie a tie. i can fix my car. youtube has replaced my father., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qtm4d/i_can_tie_a_tie_i_can_fix_my_car_youtube_has/)**  * blow up the moon and turn it into saturn-like rings for earth., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qtftr/blow_up_the_moon_and_turn_it_into_saturnlike/)**  * it bothers how people die. you expect to see their presence vanishing at the time they give up the ghost, but you dont. the earth should bear a scar in the place where they died, but it doesnt. you feel bad, a life ended, but you go on. thats why we have graves, to show the earth that we mattered, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qsunv/it_bothers_how_people_die_you_expect_to_see_their/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
a daily recap of what's been happening on reddit over the past 24 hours.   &amp;nbsp;  [what's going on?](/u/subredditreports/m/whatsgoingon)  ===---* low-level offenses virtually ignored in new york city since the deaths of 2 nypd officers, *from /r/news* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2qt8hw/lowlevel_offenses_virtually_ignored_in_new_york/)**  * airasia live: emergency slide, plane door seen in search for missing qz8501, *from /r/worldnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qsg38/airasia_live_emergency_slide_plane_door_seen_in/)**  * new level: monsanto tries patenting natural tomatoes, *from /r/inthenews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/2qtn8g/new_level_monsanto_tries_patenting_natural/)**  * basma hameed creates booming business tattooing scars, *from /r/upliftingnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/upliftingnews/comments/2quehn/basma_hameed_creates_booming_business_tattooing/)**  * comcast to customer: yes, we promised you a price. we refuse to honor our quote, despite the audio recording you've provided., *from /r/technology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2qtmj3/comcast_to_customer_yes_we_promised_you_a_price/)**  * quit your bullshit, skip bayless! (x-post /r/quityourbullshit), *from /r/sports* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/2qsfkt/quit_your_bullshit_skip_bayless_xpost/)**  * victims of g.m. deadly defect fall through legal cracks: because of the $350,000 maximum recovery for loss of society in wisconsin and the extreme expense of litigating the case against general motors, our office is unwilling to become involved in this matter, *from /r/law* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/law/comments/2qtid5/victims_of_gm_deadly_defect_fall_through_legal/)**  * prying eyes: inside the nsa's war on internet security | us and british intelligence agencies undertake every effort imaginable to crack all types of encrypted internet communication. the good news: new snowden documents show that some forms of encryption still cause problems for the nsa, *from /r/cyberlaws* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberlaws/comments/2quyxg/prying_eyes_inside_the_nsas_war_on_internet/)**  * where is this creepy gif from?, *from /r/outoftheloop* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/2qu9u3/where_is_this_creepy_gif_from/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get smarter](/u/subredditreports/m/getsmarter)  ===---* ysk that through a us government website you can find out how much money pharmaceutical companies spent on your specific doctor, *from /r/youshouldknow* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/2qu4ou/ysk_that_through_a_us_government_website_you_can/)**  * does having night vision automatically, unavoidably mean losing the ability to see color?, *from /r/askscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2qu10d/does_having_night_vision_automatically/)**  * eli5: how does putting a plastic bag on your atm card help it read when it's having issues?, *from /r/explainlikeimfive* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2qu656/eli5_how_does_putting_a_plastic_bag_on_your_atm/)**  * til american flags made in china are banned in the u.s. military., *from /r/todayilearned* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qtr1e/til_american_flags_made_in_china_are_banned_in/)**  * three years of running around my neighborhood [oc], *from /r/dataisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/2qugmx/three_years_of_running_around_my_neighborhood_oc/)**  * how to make a "lighter" from a battery and gum foil, *from /r/howto* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/2qt6h0/how_to_make_a_lighter_from_a_battery_and_gum_foil/)**  * how did the amish choose the time period to live in?, *from /r/nostupidquestions* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2qtf7c/how_did_the_amish_choose_the_time_period_to_live/)**  * this old postcard my friend said he found at his grandmothers when they were cleaning out the attic, *from /r/damnthatsinteresting* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/damnthatsinteresting/comments/2qtj1x/this_old_postcard_my_friend_said_he_found_at_his/)**  * the iberian ribbed newt has a unique defense against predators: its ribs can puncture its skin becoming poison coated spines. the newt recovers quickly., *from /r/awwducational* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/awwducational/comments/2qtm5s/the_iberian_ribbed_newt_has_a_unique_defense/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [get better](/u/subredditreports/m/getbetter)  ===---* lpt: pay an additional $50, $100, or whatever on your mortgage payment. you will save tens of thousands of dollars., *from /r/lifeprotips* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/comments/2quivo/lpt_pay_an_additional_50_100_or_whatever_on_your/)**  * my favourite form of exercise doesn't get enough love here., *from /r/fitness* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/2qto3p/my_favourite_form_of_exercise_doesnt_get_enough/)**  * [image] this one gets me through alot, *from /r/getmotivated* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated/comments/2qt8ru/image_this_one_gets_me_through_alot/)**  * cheaply upgrade/replace ear buds for your head phones., *from /r/lifehacks* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/2qu1r5/cheaply_upgradereplace_ear_buds_for_your_head/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [nerd corner](/u/subredditreports/m/nerdcorner)  ===---* "the ebola victim who is believed to have triggered the current outbreak - a two-year-old boy called emile ouamouno from guinea - may have been infected by playing in a hollow tree housing a colony of bats, say scientists.", *from /r/science* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2qtcg7/the_ebola_victim_who_is_believed_to_have/)**  * vermont shuts down nuclear power plant to make way for renewable energy, *from /r/everythingscience* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/everythingscience/comments/2qt8il/vermont_shuts_down_nuclear_power_plant_to_make/)**  * rare photo of three of saturn's moons., *from /r/space* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2qt80f/rare_photo_of_three_of_saturns_moons/)**  * large hadron collider ready to delve even deeper than god particle as it switches back on at double power, *from /r/physics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/physics/comments/2qtdyr/large_hadron_collider_ready_to_delve_even_deeper/)**  * current coronal hole is huge, *from /r/astronomy* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/astronomy/comments/2qtonb/current_coronal_hole_is_huge/)**  * i put all kurzweil's future predictions on a timeline. enjoy!, *from /r/futurology* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/2qtjho/i_put_all_kurzweils_future_predictions_on_a/)**  * the world island, "who controls the world island commands the world" made by richard harrison in 1943 [3686x2957], *from /r/mapporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2qt3bo/the_world_island_who_controls_the_world_island/)**  * origin of the &amp;lt;blink&amp;gt; tag in html. "we were drunk...", *from /r/programming* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2qtghi/origin_of_the_blink_tag_in_html_we_were_drunk/)**  * "according to an nsa document, the agency intended to crack 10 million intercepted https connections a day by late 2012by the end of 2012, the system was supposed to be able to 'detect the presence of at least 100 password based encryption applications' in each instance some 20,000 times a month.", *from /r/linux* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/2qtup4/according_to_an_nsa_document_the_agency_intended/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [reddit culture](/u/subredditreports/m/redditculture)  ===---* what's the simplest thing you can't do?, *from /r/askreddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qt7xe/whats_the_simplest_thing_you_cant_do/)**  * i am an oilfield worker, ama., *from /r/iama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2qtrkz/i_am_an_oilfield_worker_ama/)**  * i finally had sex with pizza dough! ama, *from /r/casualiama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/2qswlv/i_finally_had_sex_with_pizza_dough_ama/)**  * a user believes commercial flight is extremely dangerous, then crashes and burns when someone shows him the statistics., *from /r/subredditdrama* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2qu34o/a_user_believes_commercial_flight_is_extremely/)**  * karma court's kickin' kwanzaa k-party..., *from /r/karmacourt* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/2qtkpy/karma_courts_kickin_kwanzaa_kparty/)**  * can you hear these words in your head as you read them? u/drocks27/ has some tips on how to shut your brain up, *from /r/bestof* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/2qtlqm/can_you_hear_these_words_in_your_head_as_you_read/)**  * moderators: clean up modmail tagline, *from /r/modnews* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/2qv25b/moderators_clean_up_modmail_tagline/)**  * [reddit change] you can now edit your comments directly from your userpage, *from /r/changelog* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/changelog/comments/2qu47u/reddit_change_you_can_now_edit_your_comments/)**  * [trending subreddits:](/2qsrhc) /r/slowcooking, /r/heavyseas, /r/pens, /r/drunklego, /r/talesfromsecurity  &amp;nbsp;   [are you not entertained?](/u/subredditreports/m/entertainme)  ===---* japans hidden poor: 12-year old yumi lives on $3 a day (2014) (x-post from /r/vicejapan), *from /r/documentaries* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/2qsqjr/japans_hidden_poor_12year_old_yumi_lives_on_3_a/)**  * the interview (2014) [1080p], *from /r/fullmoviesonyoutube* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonyoutube/comments/2qtwpl/the_interview_2014_1080p/)**  * apollo 13 (1995), *from /r/fullmoviesongoogle* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/comments/2qujhi/apollo_13_1995/)**  * fury (2014) 720p part 1| parts 2 &amp;amp; 3 in thread, *from /r/fullmoviesonvimeo* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesonvimeo/comments/2qtx5k/fury_2014_720p_part_1_parts_2_3_in_thread/)**  * christopher nolan's interstellar is the only film in the top 10 worldwide box office of 2014 to be wholly original--not a reboot, remake, sequel, or part of a franchise., *from /r/movies* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2qtw77/christopher_nolans_interstellar_is_the_only_film/)**  * david bowie - suffragette city [classic rock](1972), *from /r/music* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/2qt5y6/david_bowie_suffragette_city_classic_rock1972/)**  * bitch falcon -- syncope [noise rock] (2014) really cool, noisey, riff-based rock band from dublin, *from /r/listentothis* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/2quvr8/bitch_falcon_syncope_noise_rock_2014_really_cool/)**  * for my cakeday i created a quick tool to show you the reddit homepage from the day you created your account, *from /r/internetisbeautiful* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/2qtk8a/for_my_cakeday_i_created_a_quick_tool_to_show_you/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [eye candy](/u/subredditreports/m/eyecandy)  ===---* local store has a very cute employee, *from /r/aww* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2qucmc/local_store_has_a_very_cute_employee/)**  * winter stars, moonlight, and a storm moving in over tahoe last night [oc by phil mosby][2048x2163], *from /r/earthporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/2qtlyv/winter_stars_moonlight_and_a_storm_moving_in_over/)**  * this just happened at morton salt co. in chicago, *from /r/pics* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2qukva/this_just_happened_at_morton_salt_co_in_chicago/)**  * the magnetic field along the galactic plane[3197 x 3200], *from /r/spaceporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn/comments/2qttfe/the_magnetic_field_along_the_galactic_plane3197_x/)**  * surreal skies, bjarred, sweden, 28/12-14, [oc], [2048x1152]., *from /r/skyporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyporn/comments/2qte9b/surreal_skies_bjarred_sweden_281214_oc_2048x1152/)**  &amp;nbsp;   random!  ===---* gorillaz - damon days [1000x1000], *from /r/albumartporn* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/albumartporn/comments/2qu8id/gorillaz_damon_days_1000x1000/)**  * [fr] f-close at my friends kickback, *from /r/highseddit* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/highseddit/comments/2qtgu0/fr_fclose_at_my_friends_kickback/)**  * promo foil rdww inside game trade magazine issue #179, *from /r/mlpccg* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/mlpccg/comments/2qv7pb/promo_foil_rdww_inside_game_trade_magazine_issue/)**  * the big lebowski - peter stormare as a nihilist in dream, *from /r/cutouts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/cutouts/comments/2qsai5/the_big_lebowski_peter_stormare_as_a_nihilist_in/)**  * a friend of mine made a twisty mask for his dad for christmas. he also happens to look a lot like dandy, *from /r/americanhorrorstory* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/americanhorrorstory/comments/2qsbsq/a_friend_of_mine_made_a_twisty_mask_for_his_dad/)**  &amp;nbsp;   [closing thoughts](/u/subredditreports/m/closingthoughts)  ===---* i can tie a tie. i can fix my car. youtube has replaced my father., *from /r/showerthoughts* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/comments/2qtm4d/i_can_tie_a_tie_i_can_fix_my_car_youtube_has/)**  * blow up the moon and turn it into saturn-like rings for earth., *from /r/crazyideas* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/crazyideas/comments/2qtftr/blow_up_the_moon_and_turn_it_into_saturnlike/)**  * it bothers how people die. you expect to see their presence vanishing at the time they give up the ghost, but you dont. the earth should bear a scar in the place where they died, but it doesnt. you feel bad, a life ended, but you go on. thats why we have graves, to show the earth that we mattered, *from /r/quotes* **[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/2qsunv/it_bothers_how_people_die_you_expect_to_see_their/)**  &amp;nbsp;++$++28
i haven't rooted a phone since my gs3 which i had 3 years ago, are there roms that are built on the lollipop os? i like 5.0.1. but wish it was more customizable++$++20
so when i first got the game, i bought coins not realizing that it was a negative thing to do. something happened with my players and i want to ask ea for help but i'm scared that they'll see this and reset my team.note: i know buying coins was wrong and if they would reset my team i deserve it and will suck up not asking for help.++$++20
you were pretty young when your big sister left for college and for some reason she never really came home for the holidays.  apparently your big sister was transgender all along and has taken hormone therapy and had surgery over the last ten years since you saw each other.  now your parents are no longer in the picture and circumstances dictate that little sister needs to move in with her "new" big brother.  but after ten years apart, this strange handsome man intrigues and arouses you... you don't know what you'll find when your brother takes off his pants, but you're suddenly desperately eager seduce him to find out--and incestuously love--whatever is there.((op is ftm and into incest. let's have some fun.))++$++33
edit: so i am like really tired and i apparently didn't think this through very well. have a nice day every one. go answer someone's question that makes sense.++$++16
this report lists the top posts for each of the subs scheduled to run on wednesday.  **report period:**   tuesday, december 23, 2014 through monday, december 29, 2014.     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/adviceanimals** [[full report](/2qwklw)]   ---* [i'm at the office on the day before holiday break begins.](/2q72n7)  * [i still have to work tomorrow, but my boss made it suck a little bit less.](/2qbm2t)  * [i don't know if i should go or not...](/2qh0z5)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/anger** [[full report](/2qw3io)]   ---* [merry fucking christmas](/2qckp4)  * [this has to stop, now.](/2qf1va)  * [i just want to upload my 1gb file to google drive. but idaho upload speed sucks. also small and large children alike (you know, the adults with nothing better to do then to screw your work over) who love pressing anything resembling an x have stopped the freaking 10 hour process thrice.](/2qc02x)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/aww** [[full report](/2qwfrt)]   ---* [family christmas picture photobomb](/2qh261)  * [i gave my cat a mini scarf because he was cold- he's so cozy he has not stopped purring](/2qnjwz)  * [dog waits 8 months to find a home, gets adopted by caretaker on christmas](/2qg0ad)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/china** [[full report](/2qw6xh)]   ---* [just a pic from one of my favorite spots in shanghai](/2q6gpq)  * [i tested the water in shenzhen at my local us water utility. here are the results.](/2qaa6t)  * [hacked emails reveal chinas elaborate and absurd internet propaganda machine](/2qp5xw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/damnthatsinteresting** [[full report](/2qw4cu)]   ---* [the tongue drive system enables a person with high-level spinal cord injury to operate a computer and an electrically-powered wheelchair by moving their tongue](/2q638e)  * [chinese idea of the train that doesn't stop to pick up passengers](/2qi8s3)  * [271 years before pantone, an artist mixed and described every color imaginable in an 800-page book](/2qa6vj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/darknetmarkets** [[full report](/2qw9l7)]   ---* [i saved almost $1k by using the darknet to get medicine, instead of going to through the u.s. healthcare system](/2q42o4)  * [we're promoting jury nullification in nyc before, during and after ross ulbricht's trial.](/2q6eko)  * [oz lsd vendor peaceful 150 ug lsd lab test results from energy control](/2qfn0o)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/dogecoin** [[full report](/2qwec8)]   ---* [damn right they did!!!!!](/2q7l2k)  * [fellow shibes, considering it is our easiest and cheapest pr, it seems strange to me that we are forgetting to...](/2qpvsq)  * [holiday relationship problems...](/2qnoit)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/entertainment** [[full report](/2qw5k7)]   ---* [attention from the interview leads team america dvds to sell out at amazon, best buy and walmart](/2qair7)  * [this guy is slowly building a case that not only tyler durden, but the entire cast of characters in fight club are not real. and its fairly convincing...](/2qcycs)  * [the wolf of wall street beats out frozen as being the most pirated movie of 2014.](/2qqkt6)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/fitnesscirclejerk** [[full report](/2qw5vm)]   ---* [merry christmas from slutty drunk santa](/2qb21o)  * [[tw:/fit/]karma pls](/2qmgfl)  * [the fcj greeting](/2qh7lj)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/frugal** [[full report](/2qw7fm)]   ---* [product inquiries pay off!! french toast crunch!](/2q78xn)  * [repost- for those who need a "new year's resolution"!](/2qh33i)  * [fyi: when shopping at h&amp;amp;m, if you bring in a bag of worn clothes, you get a 15% off voucher.](/2qolld)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/glitch_in_the_matrix** [[full report](/2qw4mg)]   ---* [so, my kitchen light moved. and i'm in an alternate universe apparently.](/2qfudd)  * [came back from college to a different house.](/2qm3kb)  * [my sister's dolls disappeared but then reappeared as real life animals.](/2qjvio)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/internetisbeautiful** [[full report](/2qw55u)]   ---* [rubiksolve, a website to help you solve a rubiks cube. just tell it where all the colors are, and it gives a solution less than 20 steps long](/2qq06z)  * [a live feed of porn searches people are making](/2qhb8r)  * [a website that generates fake operating system update screens so you have an excuse not to work.](/2ql1z3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/mechanicalkeyboards** [[full report](/2qwd7p)]   ---* [/r/mechanicalkeyboards right now](/2qdy6z)  * [i lost control last night](/2q9q61)  * [[photos] my pulse](/2qodhr)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/minecraft** [[full report](/2qwc21)]   ---* [the three days a year when trapped chests become useless.](/2q9ytv)  * [my secret santa is amazing!](/2qenor)  * [so i wanted to share something i'm super proud of with you guys :p - my [hardcore] ocean monument excavation build!](/2qn69y)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nfl** [[full report](/2qwnoa)]   ---* [lions dt ndamukong suh has been suspended 1 game by the nfl for stepping on aaron rogers](/2qql0n)  * [a new modern day record: it has been 40 days since an nfl arrest.](/2qg7v0)  * [peyton manning has now thrown more interceptions this season than eli.](/2q6bkz)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nosleep** [[full report](/2qwar9)]   ---* [i was a "hot single near your area"](/2qpi8h)  * [[part 2] of the files i found in an old flash-drive at the library. these are the accounts documenting a psychology student's "experiments" from 2009](/2q7ir5)  * [a spy cam in my christmas tree caught more than just santa](/2qdwvw)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/nottheonion** [[full report](/2qw88g)]   ---* [fcc states it misplaced around 600,000 net neutrality comments](/2qbfb9)  * [japanese artist indicted for trying to 3d-print her vagina into a usable kayak](/2qh2sl)  * [police: woman threw meat at officers, said she was there to "feed the pigs"](/2qm82r)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/philosophy** [[full report](/2qw4tp)]   ---* [want an existential crisis? (x-post from interestingarticle)](/2qq8od)  * [we are built to be kind](/2qd7e4)  * [the uses of stoicism](/2qaiuu)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/sexyness** [[full report](/2qw3od)]   ---* [happy holidays!!](/2q6hpq)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/supplements** [[full report](/2qw43g)]   ---* [fish oil study finds no heart benefit -- findings of a large study reported this week showed that a daily fish oil supplement did not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease](/2qnhq7)  * [question regarding how to time cycling of multiple adaptogens (rhodiola and maca).](/2qnqoa)  * [extreme anxiety on vitamin d](/2q63k3)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/todayilearned** [[full report](/2qwisp)]   ---* [til that scientists created a completely enclosed, artificial environment called biosphere 2 and made one mistake that caused all the trees to fall down before maturation: there was no wind so trees failed to develop stress wood, which is necessary for them to stand.](/2qnub8)  * [til $44 billion worth of gift cards have gone unredeemed since 2008](/2qd6i6)  * [til traffic in central london moves at the same speed as horse-drawn carriages a century ago.](/2qm3px)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/torontoraptors** [[full report](/2qw6el)]   ---* [joined two of the best logo edits in this sub into one.](/2q4jga)  * [lou is a beauty](/2qouep)  * [my past couple paintings were of my favourite blue jay, figured it was time to show some love to my favourite raptor](/2qdi2k)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/trollxchromosomes** [[full report](/2qwgvl)]   ---* [hif after watching porn](/2qqpuu)  * [hif about my appearance compared to my three bffs when we have a girls night out](/2qkse6)  * [i suspect i'm not the only one in this boat... merry christmas, trolls!](/2qd94p)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/underreportednews** [[full report](/2qw3lq)]   ---* [possibly hundreds of russian soldiers have died in ukraine, but the government refuses to acknowledge them, even to their mothers](/2qlgjf)  * ["committee of inquiry" meets to discuss voting irregularities in hartford, connecticut - finds 15,668 people voted, and 17,207 votes were cast](/2q8jhh)  * [sony hack: false flag to pass internet censorship bill](/2q48zb)     &amp;nbsp;  ---     **/r/wowthissubexists** [[full report](/2qw3w2)]   ---* [/r/drunklego - get smashed and post what you build](/2qp3f6)  * [/r/extrawoods - for movie extras doing weird, strange, odd, off, funny and obscene things in the background of movie sets.](/2qd6b6)  * [/r/aboutcatsstandingup - for discussions about the cats featured in /r/catsstandingup](/2qkh4e)     &amp;nbsp;  ---++$++28
hey dpp,recently, i have been looking for a girl who has an interest in playing my best friend. as for kinks: i am pretty vanilla aside from dirty talk, impregnation, some domination and a tinge of romance. i am open to other fetishes as long as they dont include blood, scat or extreme ageplay. since i like to set up scenes with my partner, i thought i would set up some premises of how we got together and you could tell me which set up you like best. if you are a fun, smart, dirty player who is into building a sexy, dirty, but still fun story, pm me and let me know which premise grabs you (and any fetishes you are into) and i will set us up. 1) since we live together, one night i am in my room reading and i hear you fucking some guy you met out at the pub with your friends from work. while listening, i get more and more aroused and begin getting jealous that someone else is fucking you. once you two are done (and you kick him out), i walk into your room and begin making some moves on you. 2) every thursday, we plan some time to hang out after work where we get dinner, shop for records and talk about our relationships (or lack thereof). we have always been flirty and had some sexual tension, but always ignored it since we were such good friends and you are my buddys ex. however, after one particularly intense discussion, we realize we want to hook up and this leads to a passionate night of exploring each others kinks. 3) one night i am hanging out at the pub where we go almost every night. while i have always had a thing for you, it has settled into a quiet buzz in the back of my mind as opposed to something i feel i need to act one. however, on this particular night, you come into the pub wearing a really short, tight dress and fuck me pumps. amazed by how good you look and my desire for you rekindled, i decide i will do whatever it takes to have you tonight.++$++36
i don't want to sound like bitter but i am actually disappointed in this chapter today. these zero squad got off screened and we did not even have chance to see their completely powers. i understand that kubo want these villains to stay alive so they get to fight ichigo's squad but that does not mean we don't mind them being off screened. kubo made most chapters focusing on monk that ended up revived by call of his name which is load of crap said by ichigo. we deserve to see them battling to their defeat. not off screen bullshit.++$++21
wasn't sure where to put this so i'm making a thread.that new banner is incredible. a real "site" for sore eyes if i may say so.thanks mods!++$++21
where can i pirate abode premiere pro cc? thepiratebay was my always go to... no clue where else is good and does not bullshit with apps.++$++21
hey, if you're anything like me, you want to get out of silver. i'm silver elite, and i'm consistently never bottom fragging, and due to bad teammates (i once saw a guy go 3-18), i can't get out of silver. i've been a nova 1 before, but i deranked. **so if you're a good silver 4+, have a mic, and live on the west coast or mid, add me please!**  http://steamcommunity.com/id/venm1337++$++14
i'm in canada.- 4 door sedan- uber driver so model must be no older than 2005.- budget of 12k - need to finance it completely- fuel efficiency and reliability is the most important thingalso should i consider the end of year sales for new cars? some look pretty good like a 2014 nissan sentra for 12k. it's mt though so my old mom would have trouble driving it.++$++26
ever since you can remember you've messed with me. calling me names as kids and as we grew up you convinced everyone to follow suit.but one day when you went to flaunt your teenage sexiness to try and embarrass me, you realized none of your friends joined in, most looked to be checking me out.you got curious so you asked what was up."didn't you hear? tim has this huge dick." one of your friends whispered in class. then she tells you the story, i was at a party you didn't go to, no one really remembers why but somehow i ended up fucking one of your friends right there on the couch.you don't believe her at first, you assume its some trick. but you kept finding yourself looking all class, every wrinkle or bulge in my pants looking like evidence of a huge cock.after class you track down your friend, she only dates black guys and never downgrades so youre confident she'll dismiss the story immediately."oh god." she said breathlessly, her hand slowly drawing a line down her chest. "its true, i was drunk but i remember that thing. it made jerry look like a toddler." her voice becomes breathy as she gets excited. "i've been trying to get him again, experience it sober, but i'm not the only one interested."so what do you do? this guy who you've picked on for years is now some massive stud? everyone who used to join in now just wants to fuck me.++$++20
everyone on my facebook feed is with friends or having fun or whatever, while i'm sat here feeling empty and sad. i have no 'real' reason to be sad, but i am.my family are downstairs and are probably pissed at me for sitting up here and not socialising with them, but i'm too scared to go down. i don't want to talk to them, i don't want to be around them. they've made me so angry by complaining about my every action that if i stay away they can't, but if i do i'm being antisocial. i can't please them. i miss the only person that understands. i miss the only person i genuinely love, and i can't see him because he's far away. i talk to him and he knows i'm sad but i don't want to tell him how sad i actually am. i mean, he'll read this, but i don't want to bring it up in conversation and ruin his day. i do that too often. sorry.i want to be happy. i want to feel something that isn't anger or stress or pain or sadness. i don't want to live my life being scared of what will happen to me today, or tomorrow, or next week.  i don't want to start crying for no reason, and i don't want to keep crying because i can't figure out the reason. i just want to go away, with that one person, and be happy.maybe one day. until then, i'll just have to deal with the way things are.++$++17
i just started 6 on my phone. after the first ultros encounter, i was surprised to see the option to choose where i want to play as locke, terra and co, or sabin.are there any more times in the game where i'll get an option to pick who i want to play as or something like this?which one should i go with? will i get to play them all anyway or is it different for each playthrough?++$++17
